Ad ID 316
Ad Text Why | March! #JusticeOrElse

20 years ago. 20 years a million men, women and Children gathered on the
National Mall in Washington, DC answering the call from Minister Louis
Farrakhan to come to the nation's capital and show our strength in numbers
and unity and remind politicians that our voices would be heard. 20 years
later, we return to call on our politicians to fix our broken criminal justice
system once and for all.

| march to fix a system that houses more black men in our prison system than
there were black men enslaved in 1850. To fix a system that allows for local
prosecutors to investigate their friends at the police department when there is
an officer-involved shooting. To fix a system that has drug laws that
disproportionately arrest black and brown people for using drugs when white
people use at the same rate. To fix a system that has built a private industry
off the backs of prisoners laboring for pennies. To fix a system that doesn't
video record the actions of law enforcement at all times. To fix a system that
criminalizes young women who are pimped and sexually trafficked before
they even turn 18. To fix a system that does not collect any national data on
incidents when police use excessive force or discharge their firearm. To fix a
system that has incarcerated more people than any other nation in the world.
To fix a system that has created a school to prison pipeline by harsher school
discipline practices for young students of color. To fix a system of policing that
targets communities of color by programs like "Stop & Frisk" or "Broken
Windows."

This is why I march. This is why we all should march in order to build a better
future for our kids. We should fight the institutional racism in the country.

Like and share if you want to help the movement!
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/BlaCk-Matters-1579673598947501/

Ad Targeting Location: United States: Baltimore Maryland; Ferguson, St. Louis Missouri;

Cleveland Ohio

Age: 18 - 65+

Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices

People Who Match: People who like Black Matters, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Black Matters

Ad Impressions 58
Ad Clicks 2
Ad Spend 3.82 RUB
Ad Creation Date 10/06/15 06:44:30 AM PDT
Ad End Date 10/09/15 06:44:29 AM PDT

P(1)0002096

