Ad ID 459
Ad Text The leader of radical religious group Nation of Islam, Louis Farrakhan,
announced that 20th anniversary Million Man March rally will take place on
October 10, 2015 in Washington, D.C., at the National Mall. Organizers of the
Million Man March call for justice, standing against the police and for blacks,
Latinos and incarcerated.
They say racism rises among the police officers, but in fact it rises among
radical groups. Only black activists say "black lives matter", forgetting the fact
that justice is when all lives matter.
Americans are not against blacks, Latinos, etc. But if somebody breaks the
law, he should be punished despite of his color or religion. If somebody goes
over the speed limit, he should be ticketed. If somebody breaks the
immigration law, he should be deported. If somebody kills a man, he should
be imprisoned.
Given the fact that two Islamic extremists who were arrested one year ago in
Ferguson belong to the Nation of Islam, I cannot believe in Farrakhan's
benevolent intentions.
This Million Man March looks like another liberal overture to black and Muslim
communities. This is a bad idea, especially if we take into account the recent
news about British jihadi who have published the address of the Navy Seal
Robert O'Neill, the man who fatally shot Osama bin Laden, and called on
American extremists to execute him.
There is no problem, if whoever wants to live in the United States. But he
should live here legally; he should not break the law. It's justice.
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/patriototus
Ad Targeting Location: United States: Washington
Interests: Independence or Patriotism
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Ad Impressions 2,499
Ad Clicks 229
Ad Spend 1,993.03 RUB
Ad Creation Date 10/08/15 12:34:04 AM PDT
Ad End Date 10/09/15 12:34:04 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0000064

Being Patriotic

1k Like Paige

The leader of radical religious group Nation of Islam, Louis Farrakhan,
announced that 20th anniversary Million Man March rally will take place on
October 10, 2015 in Washington, D.C., at the National Mall. Organizers of
the Million Man March call for justice, standing against the police and for
blacks, Latinos and incarcerated.
They say racism rises among the police officers; but in fact it rises among
radical groups. Only black activists say "black lives matter", forgettin...
See More

a

/
.
./ /~
C
40

i S'~b~b0/Lt
DU d6r 't

Louis Farrakhan and the Kilian Man March

269 Likes 42 Comme~7ts 32U Shares
i` Like

* Comment

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

A Share

P(1)0000065

