Ad ID 547
Ad Text Ex-Ferguson Cop Darren Wilson: Incident'Makes Me Unemployable'
Do you know the best way to ruin your career in the US? Follow the rules and
the "miracle" won't be late in arriving.
I bet you remember the white former officer who shot and killed an unarmed
black teen in Ferguson, last August? After national debate over the
relationship between police and black communities Darren Wilson aka "Bad
cop, who killed innocent black child" tried to go back to police work but was
turned down because he's too big a liability.
In the recent interview to New Yorker magazine he said, "It's too hot an issue,
so it makes me unemployable."
So what does the situation mean to America?
Almost nothing except one thing... a man's life may be ruined because he had
the audacity to defend himself against huge man with malicious intent.
Michael Brown was a thug, who had just assaulted a store owner, and robbed
him. Do you have any idea what should police officer do in such situation? He
must stop the criminal, period. He was in a no-win situation and it proves how
upside-down society has become.
I wonder, what will be the next step of American justice degradation? Will
surgeons be fired for operate patients with knives? Will Supreme Court send
teachers to jail for teaching?
Instead hate Wilson, we should pray for him. He did nothing wrong but idiots
turned society against an innocent man. So is it a new America?
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/patriototus
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Being Patriotic, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Being Patriotic
Ad Impressions 3
Ad Clicks 0
Ad Spend 2.73 RUB
Ad Creation Date 08/05/15 07:10:37 AM PDT
Ad End Date 08/06/15 07:23:28 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002418

qV

Being Patriotic
Sponsored - 0

Ii

Like Page

Ex-Ferguson Cop Darren Wilson: Incident'Makes Me Unemployable'
Do you know the best way to ruin your career in the US? Follow the rules
and the' miracle" won't be late in arriving.
I bet you remember the white former officer who shot and killed an unarmed
black teen in Ferguson, last August? After national debate over the
relationship between police and black communities Darren Wilson aka "Bad
cop, who killed innocent black child" tried to go back to police work but was
tur... See More

836 Likes 41 Comments 354 Shares
Ii Like

* Comment

A Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002419

