Ad ID 147
Ad Text Young, Unarmed Black Man Killed By Cop Didn't Want To'Die Too Young'
An unarmed black teenager in Texas was shot dead by a cop who had only
recently graduated from the police academy. Just over a week before his
death, he posted that he doesn't want to die too young on Twitter.
Officers responded to a burglary call around 1 a.m. on Friday, hearing reports
that a suspect was damaging vehicles. First spotting Taylor moving about the
lot, officers also noticed Taylor's SUV had been smashed into the front of the
dealership showroom. Finding that Taylor had moved inside the showroom,
Arlington Police Chief Police Will Johnson said Taylor would not comply when
told to lie down on the ground, but fled to a back room. 49-year-old officer
Brad Miller entered the showroom to arrest Taylor, and then an altercation
broke out. Miller fired four shots, including the fatal bullets from the gun of
Miller. A second officer fired a taser, Johnson said.
And now there are three main points that you should think of:
1) Taylor was described as a good kid. He was a football player at Angelo
State University. Never was involved in criminal activities.
2) The officer graduated from the police academy less than 6 months ago and
was working under the supervision of a training officer.
3) Taylor didn't want to die young.
Black teens don't really live, they survive. And, unfortunately, there is no one
to save them from death. There is no one to stop police brutality. We all want
our kids to feel safe, we want them to be safe and sound. Are our hopes
doomed to disappointment?
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/Black-Matters-1579673598947501/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States: Baltimore Maryland; Ferguson, St. Louis
Missouri; Cleveland Ohio
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Black Matters, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Black Matters
Ad Impressions 290
Ad Clicks 86
Ad Spend 44.54 RUB
Ad Creation Date 08/10/15 07:36:40 AM PDT
Ad End Date 08/11/15 07:36:39 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0001935

