Ad ID 437
Ad Text The first lesson of economics is scarcity: there is never enough of anything to
fully satisfy all those who want it. The first lesson of Obama's policies is to
disregard the first lesson of economics...
USA TO ISSUE MORE GREEN CARDS THAN POPULATIONS OF IOWA,
NEW HAMPSHIRE, SOUTH CAROLINA COMBINED. The lion's share of
these visas are for lesser-skilled and lower-paid workers and their dependents
who, because they are here on work-authorized visas, are added directly to
the same labor pool occupied by current unemployed jobseekers. Expressly
because they arrive on legal immigrant visas, most will be able to draw a wide
range of taxpayer-funded benefits, and corporations will be allowed to directly
substitute these workers for Americans.
Improved border security would have no effect on the continued arrival of
these foreign workers, refugees, and permanent immigrants—because they
are all invited here by the federal government.
Obama swore an oath to uphold our Constitution and protect the American
people but he has done everything in his power to destroy us. In a short few
years, America will resemble Mehico City ...where you will need to defend
your life almost on a daily basis.
Obama is killing our country. In turn I hope he drops dead soon.
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/patriototus
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Being Patriotic, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Being Patriotic
Ad Impressions 472
Ad Clicks 92
Ad Spend 129.40 RUB
Ad Creation Date 08/04/15 05:37:48 AM PDT
Ad End Date 08/06/15 05:37:47 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0000058

,dr

Being Patriotic
Sponsored - 0

Like Page

The first lesson of economics is scarcity: there is never enough of anything
to fully satisfy all those who want it. The first lesson of Obama's policies is to
disregard the first lesson of economics...
USA TO ISSUE MORE GREEN CARDS THAN POPULATIONS OF IOWA,
NEW HAMPSHIRE, SOUTH CAROLINA COMBINED. The lion's share of
these visas are for lesser-skilled and lower-paid workers and their
dependents who, because they are here on work-authorized visas, are
added directly to the same ... See More

care about the fu

345 Likes 1 Comment 97 Shares
Ilk Like

F comment

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

Ill Share

P(1)0000059

