Ad ID 162
Ad Text Confederate flags are permitted to fly at schools in Tennessee.
Parents are worried about their children's safety.
Yet here we are, Tennessee parents are worried about their children's safety
at the local school after discovering that anyone is permitted to wear
Confederate flag attire and to fly the Confederate flags at school. This
provoked widespread discontent among black parents of Rutherford County.
One of the parents said that she witnessed the students wearing the
Confederate flag T-shirt and the controversial flags flying in the back
students' cars.
How would you feel if your child studies among those who like to fly the
Confederate flags on their trucks? How would you feel about the safety of
your child? Why children were permitted to openly display the Confederate
flag on the school grounds? What kind of symbol the Confederate flag is for
you? Do you remember Dylann Roof who killed black people at church? Do
you remember that he was promoting the Confederate flag? What if your child
studies among the same people? Is it an appropriate place for your kid to
study?
If Nazi flag was banned, than the Confederate flag must be outlawed too.
Thus, if the government continues to accept this flag, it will bring more racist
and hateful movements, because the Confederate flag shows a lack of
empathy for African Americans slavery and for every black American man.
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/Black-Matters-1579673598947501/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States: Baltimore Maryland; Ferguson, St. Louis
Missouri; Cleveland Ohio
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Black Matters, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Black Matters
Ad Impressions 0
Ad Clicks 0
Ad Spend None
Ad Creation Date 08/20/15 07:42:57 AM PDT
Ad End Date 08/21/15 10:20:07 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0001950

