Ad ID 596
Ad Text THE US ARMY HAS PUNISHED CHELSEA MANNING for possessing books
and magazines having to do with LGBTQ and political issues.
They accused her of misconduct for having an expired tube of toothpaste and
for brushing food off the table. They placed her in a solitary confinement — a
torturous, extremely distressing experience. The whole cruel, corrupted
system is against her.
It looks like military prosecutors view Manning in a way that means she must
be "broken" or forcefully assimilated because of her crime —first, because she
exposed the government's crimes, and government really doesn't like it, and
second, because she's trans.
Their goal is to see that Manning is as dehumanized as possible, but it's clear
who the real non-humans are. Someone has gone to great lengths to paint
Chelsea as a deceitful and psychotic character.
But how many of those punishing Manning should themselves be in a psych
ward?
Transphobia is a one ugly thing. So sad when heroes like Chelsea Manning
forced to suffer, to undergo injustice and humiliation, even though they had
been through enough already!
Free Chelsea Manning you sadistic creeps!!
#ChelseaManning #FreeChelsea #transphobia #LGBT #transgender
#PrideHeroes
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/LGBT-United-839497472793277/
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Interests: LGBT community or Same-sex marriage
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Ad Impressions 331
Ad Clicks 41
Ad Spend 99.99 RUB
Ad Creation Date 08/21/15 07:50:13 AM PDT
Ad End Date 08/22/15 07:50:12 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002498

LGBT United

Ilk

Like Page

Sponsored - N

THE US ARMY HAS PUNISHED CHELSEA MANNING for possessing
books and magazines having to do with LGBTQ and political issues.
They accused her of misconduct for having an expired tube of toothpaste
and for brushing food off the table. They placed her in a solitary confinement
- a torturous, extremely distressing experience. The whole cruel, corrupted
system is against her.
It looks like military prosecutors view Manning in a way that means she must
be "broken" or forcefully ass... See More

FEE CHELSEA _~1ANN.IHG'
'OI.( WIKILEAKS W_H._.ISTLEBLOWER
~
k-,
.

I
L

L_

58 Likes 1 comment 14 Shares
ilk Like

* Comment

o+ Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002499

