Ad ID 137
Ad Text Special prosecutor opened an investigation into death of black women
Raynette Turner
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman will launch an investigation
into to the death of one of the five black women who died in an American jail
over a two-week span. Raynette Tumer who was the mother of eight children
died in jail cell in police custody last week. She was arrested for shoplifting
some crab legs from a grocery store. Due to her bad health history she was
taken to the hospital and released. But she died in jail waiting for someone to
help.
According to American legislation, the courthouse officials are supposed to
check the cell every fifteen minutes but, no one checked Tumer's cell for
more than two hours.
A total of five African-American women have been found dead in police
custody in just the last month. Most of them were hold for minor charges and
still their deaths are under investigation. Sandra Bland from Texas, Kindra
Chapman from Alabama, Joyce Curnell from South Carolina, Ralkina Jones
from Ohio, and Raynetta Turner from New York were found dead in their cell
after being arrested by police officers.
Once again it raises questions about how black people are treated in police
custody. What if death in police custody is about excessive police force? Do
you realize that dozens of black people were found dead in the U.S?
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/Black-Matters-1 579673598947501/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States: Baltimore Maryland; Ferguson, St. Louis
Missouri; Cleveland Ohio
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Black Matters, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Black Matters
Ad Impressions 1,294
Ad Clicks 120
Ad Spend 277.27 RUB
Ad Creation Date 08/05/15 07:05:06 AM PDT
Ad End Date 08/06/15 07:05:06 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0001925

