Ad ID 542
Ad Text A heavily armed Syed Farook, his wife and brother opened fire on a holiday
banquet for his co-workers Wednesday, killing 14 people and seriously
wounding more than a dozen others in a precision assault. Hours later, two
terrorists died in a shootout with San Bernardino police. One shooter still at
large.
It is known that gunmen are Muslims. They are very religious and probably
linked with ISIS. California shooting should become a lesson for the
administration — accepting refugees from Syria threatens the National
security.
It's tragedy. Enemies of America attacked our people again. Unfortunately,
today we have no strong leader who is courageous enough to conquer
terrorism. Nevertheless, we will not allow terrorists to change our way of life.
We will not allow them to restrict our freedoms.
We express our sincere condolences to families of victims in California
shooting. If you want to express sympathy for victims, change your Facebook
profile picture, using this web site http://imsanbernardino.info
#IAm San Bernardino
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/patriototus/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Being Patriotic, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Being Patriotic
Ad Impressions 16,250
Ad Clicks 3,298
Ad Spend 4,263.70 RUB
Ad Creation Date 12/03/15 06:25:21 AM PST
Ad End Date 12/04/15 06:25:20 AM PST

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0000120

rdr

Being Patriotic

Like Page

Sponsored 0

A heavily armed Syed Farook, his wife and brother opened fire on a holiday
banquet for his co-workers Wednesday, killing 14 people and seriously
wounding more than a dozen others in a precision assault. Hours later, two
terrorists died in a shootout with San Bernardino police. One shooter still at
large.
It is known that gunmen are Muslims. They are very religious and probably
linked with ISIS. California shooting should become a lesson for the
administration — accepting ref... See i%1re

I

cxa'"

SAN BERNARDINO
1.3K Likes 133 Comments 564 Shares

ilk

Like

* Comment

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

A Share

P(1)0000121

