Ad ID 1265
Ad Text Those duplicitous politicians say they want to end the war in Syria though all
they do makes the situation worse and leads to more blood spilled in the
Middle East. Unfortunately, many of these hypocrites have infiltrated the
American establishment. Such people benefit from regional conflicts and war
is nothing more than business for them. It was these people who launched the
missiles that never hit no terrorists but led to civilian casualties. It is them who
keep receiving money from the same actors who sponsor ISIS and other
groups. These people want more American involvement because it means
more money for them and they don't care about the terrorists. In fact, radicals
really help them increase their bloody income. The only way to resist the
corrupt elites is to oppose military actions with no particular aim and promote
anti-terrorist agenda! Focus on what's truly important and we will end the war
in Syria sooner than you can imagine.
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/MuslimAmerica/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Connections: People who like United Muslims of America
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Ad Impressions 1,125
Ad Clicks 111
Ad Spend 195.01 RUB
Ad Creation Date 05/25/17 07:37:13 AM PDT
Ad End Date 05/26/17 11:28:00 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0003137

6L4~-a United Muslims of America

Idl Like Page

Sponsored • 0
Those duplicitous politicians say they want to end the war in Syria though all

they do makes the situation worse and leads to more blood spilled in the
Middle East. Unfortunately, many of these hypocrites have infiltrated the
American establishment. Such people benefit from regional conflicts and war
is nothing more than business for them. It was these people who launched
the missiles that never hit no terrorists but led to civilian casualties. It is them
who keep receiving m... See More

Ii Like

* Comment

A Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0003138

