Ad ID 2554
Ad Text Mexicans are known for their masculinity and militancy, as many wars in the
past say. That's why the US often offers Mexicans to join the armed forces, in
exchange for what they promise to give American citizenship. In this regard,
Mexicans are often sent to the war zone in Syria or other countries, from
where they sometimes do not return. Many Mexicans have to go for it, as
today the process of obtaining American citizenship can last for years and
even dozens of years. The US policy towards Mexicans is becoming
increasingly brutal, therefore, it is necessary to stop any attempts by the US
government to send Mexicans to the war zones, where they fight for any
unknown goals.
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/brownunitedfront/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: Interests: Hispanic and latino american culture, Mexico,
Being Chicano, Mexican american culture, Hispanic culture, Latino culture,
Latin hip hop, Chicano, Chicano Movement, Hispanidad, Mexican Pride,
Lowrider, Chicano rap or La Raza
Ad Impressions 132,551
Ad Clicks 17,694
Ad Spend 1,100.06 RUB
Ad Creation Date 05/17/17 08:37:31 AM PDT
Ad End Date 05/29/17 08:03:00 PM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0000877

to

0

Br.111,N
x,.e

rdr

Brown Power
Sponsored - 0

Like Page

Mexicans are known for their masculinity and militancy, as many wars in the
past say. That's why the US often offers Mexicans to join the armed forces,
in exchange for what they promise to give American citizenship. In this
regard, Mexicans are often sent to the war zone in Syria or other countries,
from where they sometimes do not return. Many Mexicans have to go for it,
as today the process of obtaining American citizenship can last for years and
even dozens of years. The US policy towards Mexicans is becoming
increasingly brutal, therefore, it is necessary to stop any attempts by the US
government to send Mexicans to the war zones, where they fight for any
unknown goals.

LIKE IF YOU VALUE THE LIVES OF OUR SOLDIERS
AND DON'T WANT THEM TO DIE IN VAIN

13K Reactions 240 Comments 2K Shares

ilk

Like

* Comment

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

A Share

P(1)0000878

