Ad ID 1264
Ad Text What happened in Manchester is a tragedy beyond description that filled our
hearts with inconsolable grief of pain and loss. It makes everything worse that
the spirit of hatred is again aimed on all Muslims who in fact have nothing to
do with disgusting radicals who organize such gruesome acts. The whole
Muslim community condemns terror! Islam would remain the religion of peace
no matter how hard those terrorists try to promote the opposite image! These
people hurt Islam and the best way we can protect it is the art of compassion
and love towards all people suffering at the hands of radicals! Pray for the
victims, stay strong and heal this world!
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/MuslimAmerica/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Connections: People who like United Muslims of America
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Ad Impressions 3.546
Ad Clicks 602
Ad Spend 200.00 RUB
Ad Creation Date 05/23/17 11:57 09 PM PDT
Ad End Date 05/24/17 11:57:09 PM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0003135

United Muslims of America

,dr Like Page

Sponsored - 4

What happened in Manchester is a tragedy beyond description that filled our
hearts with inconsolable grief of pain and loss. It makes everything worse
that the spirit of hatred is again aimed on all Muslims who in fact have
nothing to do with disgusting radicals who organize such gruesome acts.
The whole Muslim community condemns terror! Islam would remain the
religion of peace no matter how hard those terrorists try to promote the
opposite image! These people hurt Islam and the best way we can protect it
is the art of compassion and love towards all people suffering at the hands of
radicals! Pray for the victims, stay strong and heal this world!

"I

ar

of America
--.Oe

1 K Reactions 43 Comments 294 Shares
1dr Like

* Comment

A Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0003136

