Ad ID 769
Ad Text Our politicians should never forget that. We've been watching our military
commandership wasting lives of American soldiers for too long, let's hope it
will end now when Trump is in charge.
A new Marine Corps artillery unit was sent to assist Syrian opposition in
Raqqa, according to Army Maj. Josh T. Jacques, a spokesman for U.S.
Central Command. The artillery unit recently replaced about 400 Marines from
the 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit, which provided artillery support to Kurdish
and Syrian Arab forces expected to launch an offensive against Raqqa.
We must deal with ISIS and end the terrorist threat once and for all.
Unfortunately that's hardly possible because of the corruption in the
Government. The Swamp in DC is still not drained from people like Senator
McCain, and that's why our troops not only focus on defeating terrorism, but
also getting involved into another regime change venture and possibly
another oil war.
We're fighting radical Islamists, but we're also siding with Syrian opposition,
the very same radical Islamists, and there's absolutely no guarantee that
these rebels won't replace ISIS when it's gone.
There's only one chance to avoid another Iraq: Trump and the American
nation must defeat globalist politicians and the Establishment. All we can do
now is to pray for all American soldiers to return back home alive and safe.
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/patriototus/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Connections: People who like Being Patriotic
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Ad Impressions 5,186
Ad Clicks 502
Ad Spend 500.00 RUB
Ad Creation Date 05/18/17 07:14:21 AM PDT
Ad End Date 05/19/17 07:30:00 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002783

Being Patriotic

Ii Like Page

Sponsored - 0
Our politicians should never forget that. We've been watching our military

commandership wasting lives of American soldiers for too long, let's hope it
will end now when Trump is in charge.
A new Marine Corps artillery unit was sent to assist Syrian opposition in
Raqqa, according to Army Maj. Josh T. Jacques, a spokesman for U.S.
Central Command. The artillery unit recently replaced about 400 Marines
from the 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit, which provided artillery support to
... Sue lolcre

THEAMERICANiSOLDIER SERVES T9PRETECTTT~
LIVES'ANNJ FREEDDM~ AMERICANS JTjIZEN&

r/

I

I
.iyAt

Y

i~

WIT Tit FIGNJTTTl FOR INNITERE,SjTS
oF MILITTT~AA✓RT A"NJ 0 IL,CORPaRAAAAAAAA~TIINSJ
625 Reactions 14 Comments 117 Share::
jib Like

IF Comment

A* Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002784

