Ad ID 1262
Ad Text This is a call for love. This is a call for mercy. This is a call for compassion to
all those suffering in Syria now. For all the families who were forced out of
their homes, for the mothers who had to watch their sons and daughters
suffering, for the children who are now orphans because of this terrible wicked
war. Words can't heal their pain; our tears won't bring back those who left us
already; nothing can console our grief right now. However, we have the duty
to save those whose lives are still at risk. For the sake of these people, we
have to work to end this terrible war. Unfortunately, we haven't seen much
development in this direction. Bombing random targets and going for
momentary aims, taking reckless decisions and shifting our focus off crushing
terrorists only leads to more casualties among civilians and creates even
more suffering. We have to stick to our agenda and work to protect people,
launching additional missiles on them won't help. Pray for peace to return to
Syria and work sanely to bring this moment closer!
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/MuslimAmerica/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Connections: People who like United Muslims of America
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Ad Impressions 5,887
Ad Clicks 615
Ad Spend 999.80 RUB
Ad Creation Date 05/23/17 04:36:29 AM PDT
Ad End Date 05/24/17 04:36:29 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0003131

6L4~_a

United Muslims of America

ilk Like Page

Sponsored • 0
This is a call for love. This is a call for mercy. This is a call for compassion to

all those suffering in Syria now. For all the families who were forced out of
their homes, for the mothers who had to watch their sons and daughters
suffering, for the children who are now orphans because of this terrible
wicked war. Words can't heal their pain; our tears won't bring back those
who left us already; nothing can console our grief right now. However, we
have the duty to save thos... See More

DON'T SPREAD THE WAR

4i

United Muslims of America

STOP BOMBING SYRIA
ii Like

* Comment

A Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0003132

