Ad ID 862
Ad Text The Civil Rights Movement was fighting for the real equality in general and
particularly the equal rights of voting. It started in North Carolina but it can
spread all over the country. Blacks are being deprived of general voting rights.
The U.S. District Judge, Thomas Schroeder, on Monday dismissed lawsuits
challenging changes to the state's election laws, declaring that the
challenges failed to show that it hindered voters of color from exercising their
voting rights. The North Carolina law which eliminated early voting, same
—day voter registration and out-of-precinct voting requires voters who go to
the polls to show an acceptable form of identification such as a driver's
license, passport or military ID. This is not a good sign as we watch the world
take the new turn for the worse now while doing nothing.
Subscribe to our channel:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg
Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comn/ViIliamsandKalvin
Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.comnWilliams8kalvin
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/\/VilliamsKalvin-788980617892144/
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Excluded Connections: Exclude people who like Williams&Kalvin
Age: 18 - 51
Language: English (UK)or English (US)
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Exclude: Behaviors: Hispanic(US - All), Hispanic(US - Spanish dominant),
Hispanic(US - English dominant), Hispanic(US - Bilingual: English and
Spanish) or Asian American (US)
People Who Match: Interests: National Museum of American History, Maya
Angelou, Mumia Abu-Jamal, The Raw Story or mother jones, Behaviors:
African American (US)
Ad Impressions 3,170
Ad Clicks 45
Ad Spend 500.00 RUB
Ad Creation Date 05/05/16 01:09:03 AM PDT
Ad End Date 05/06/16 01:09:02 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0001541

Williams&Kelvin

Idi Like Page

WEN Sponsored ik~
x 't

The Civil Rights Movement was fighting for the real equality in general and
particularly the equal rights of voting. It started in North Carolina but it can
spread all over the country. Blacks are being deprived of general voting
rights. The U.S. District Judge.. Thomas Schroeder, on Monday dismissed
lawsuits challenging changes to the state's election laws, declaring that the
challenges failed to show that it hindered voters of color from exercising their
voting rights. The N... See More

8 Likes 1 Comment 8 Shares

ii Like

* Comment

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

A Share

P(1)0001542

