Ad ID 870
Ad Text A new report showed that West Virginia and 11 other states have to the
highest percentage of children with a parent who is or was incarcerated. Can
you believe these numbers?
Of course, the highest incarceration level is among the black population of the
country. The system is enslaving us with the help of the jails and it affects the
whole community. Kids have to grow up not knowing their fathers and not
having the support they need to make rights choices and school-to-prison
pipeline doesn't leave them much of a choice. The kids grow up in extreme
poverty without the access to the basic things like healthcare or education.
The system is build to keep as many black people in the jails as possible.
Being black in the US means being in a constant danger! You never know
when you will be killed or sent to prison, because of the color of your skin.
I've never heard white media talking about it, do you?
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/WilliamsKalvin-788980617892144/
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Excluded Connections: Exclude people who like Williams&Kalvin
Age: 18 - 51
Language: English (UK) or English (US)
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Exclude: Behaviors: Hispanic(US -All), Hispanic(US - Spanish dominant),
Hispanic(US - English dominant), Hispanic(US - Bilingual: English and
Spanish) or Asian American (US)
People Who Match: Interests: National Museum of American History; Maya
Angelou, Mumia Abu-Jamal, The Raw Story or mother jones, Behaviors:
African American (US)
Ad Impressions 8
Ad Clicks 0
Ad Spend 4.40 RUB
Ad Creation Date 05/05/16 01:07:41 AM PDT
Ad End Date 05/06/16 01:07:40 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0001551

Wllllams&Kalvin

ilk Like Page

wEK Sponsored •
0
A new report showed that West Virginia and 11 other states have to the
highest percentage of children with a parent who is or was incarcerated. Can
you believe these numbers?
Of course, the highest incarceration level is among the black population of
the country. The system is enslaving us with the help of the jails and it
affects the whole community. Kids have to grow up not knowing their fathers
and not having the support they need to make rights choices and school-topris... See

THE FACE OF THE
MODERN SLAVERY

A

~

II I l;:~~

BLACK
AMERICANS
ARE
13% OF THE US POPULATION
14% OF DRUG USERS
-513% OF THOSE INCARCERATED FOR DRUG CRIMES 37 Reactions 2 Comments 37 Shares
idr Like

* Comment

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

A Share

P(1)0001552

