Ad ID 75
Ad Text Black Community! We finally made a website! News about black racial and
social issues. Get breaking news and analysis on the life of African American
community in the US. Black Matters Hillary Doesn't Deserve Black Votes
Young black voters give up on Mrs. Clinton Outraged Flint Resident: "Lawsuit
Must Be Filed Against State!" Flint Water Crisis touched the feelings of all
Americans and the whole world. Justice For Aiyana Jones Rally The tragic
death of Aiyana Jones, a 7-year-old African-American fatally shot by a Detroit
police officer 4 Officers, Who Shot Jeremy McDole, Won't Face State
charges, Family Protests In Wilmington Friday The tragic alleged murder of
Jeremy McDole happened last September after he had been "robbed and
shot by an unknown robber," Black Girl Gets Rope Burns During A Camping
Trip When Sandy Rougely's 12-year-old daughter returned from a one day
camping trip on April 28, Sandy was shocked to see a horrible rope burn on
the front side of the kid's neck. Black Matters
Ad Landing Page https:Hblackmattersus.com/
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Friends of connections: Friends of people who are connected to Black Matters
Age: 18 - 54
Language: English (UK)or English (US)
Placements: Third-party Apps and Websites on mobile devices or News Feed
on mobile devices
People Who Match: Behaviors: African American (US)
And Must Also Match: Interests: BlackNews.com or HuffPost Black Voices
Ad Impressions 0
Ad Clicks 0
Ad Spend None
Ad Creation Date 05/23/16 08:02:51 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0000028

Black Matters
sp1'anGcrt>~

Black Community! We finally made a website!
News about black racial and social issues.

Hillary Doesn't
Deserve Black...

Learn More

Young black voters g...

Like

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

Q comment

Outrages
Resident
Flint Water

~ share

P(1)0000029

