Ad ID 469
Ad Text America has always been hinged on hard-working people. If you remove jobs,
you'll remove our country from the world map. The state of Pennsylvania
rose owing to multiple enterprises mining coal, producing steel, and creating
the need for other jobs, groceries, doctors, dentists, insurance, gas, vehicles,
mechanics and the list goes on. As far as Mr. Trump pursues the goal of
creating more jobs and supports the working class. He said he would put
miners back to work. We could help Mr. Trump win Pennsylvania which is a
battleground state. We'd like to organize a rally "Miners for Trump" in
Pennsylvania.
Have something against coal industries? Please note then that burning coal is
not more harmful than lumber. Alternative energy is only possible when
subsidized by government for it is not lucrative. You cannot leave tens of
thousands of people without a job just because of lobbyists' interests.
The current list of locations is being elaborated. Suggested cities are Erie,
Pittsburg, Scranton, Harrisburg, Allentown, and Philly.
Confirmed locations:
Marconi Plaza, Philadelphia. Miners for Trump: Unity day in Pennsylvania
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/events/312522819127036/
Ad Targeting Location: United States: Allentown, Erie, Harrisburg, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh,
Scranton Pennsylvania
Age: 18 - 65+
Language: English (UK)or English (US)
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers, News Feed on mobile
devices or Right column on desktop computers
People Who Match: Interests: Donald Trump for President, Job title: Coal
Miner
Ad Impressions 1,225
Ad Clicks 77
Ad Spend 876.44 RUB
Ad Creation Date 09/22/16 05:13:54 AM PDT
Ad End Date 10/01/16 01:00:00 PM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0000074

Being Patriotic shared their event.
Sponsored - 0
America has always been hinged on hard-working people. If you remove

jobs, you'll remove our country from the world map. The state of
Pennsylvania rose owing to multiple enterprises mining coal, producing
steel, and creating the need for other jobs, groceries, doctors, dentists,
insurance, gas, vehicles, mechanics and the list goes on. As far as Mr.
Trump pursues the goal of creating more jabs and supports the working
class. He said he would put miners back to work. We could ... See kliu,Fc

TRUMP4

,
T

s COAL

•A

201
:TRUMP

RENNS,YL,VANPA. a CTn,RR ~ al
MINERSFOR TH, MP' RALLIESDIGS

TRUM

~TRU

0

MP.

DIGS COA

AL,
a

DIGS

TpuMp
ct D1GS~pA1~

Y

.~

ekuMP'
--

t CO

.
iTR
DIG

OCT

2

Miners for Trump: Unity day in Pennsyl...
Sun 2 PM EDT -Penn&yluania
77 people interested 16 people going

+ Interested

260 Reactions 27 Comments
li Like

* Comment

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0000075

