Ad ID 519
Ad Text On Tuesday, the police said about the shots fired at police officers in Denver
and Aurora, Colorado. What is wrong with people? The police officers protect
people. But the gang of anarchist thugs declared war against the police. I
can't belive it's possible.
The police administer the law. Law-abidingness is an important part of
American life. Of course, history knows police mistakes, but a mistaken arrest
is very rare occurance. At the same time, don't forget that officers risk their
lives every day. Americans have to honor sacrifices of policemen. Police
officers significantly improve the quality of life for the citizens of their
communities by keeping the peace despite sometimes overwhelming odds.
America has to stand against radical activists who threaten not only officers
lives, but also our security.
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/patriototus
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Being Patriotic, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Being Patriotic
Ad Impressions 0
Ad Clicks 0
Ad Spend None
Ad Creation Date 09/11/15 02:16:46 AM PDT
Ad End Date 09/14/15 02:16:46 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002380

Being Patriotic
`:Dcns-- red.0

iii Like Page

On Tuesday, the police said about the shots fired at police officers in Denver
and Aurora, Colorado. What is wrong with people? The police officers
protect people. But the gang of anarchist thugs declared war against the
police. I can't belive it's possible.
The police administer the law. Law-abidingness is an important part of
American life. Of course, history knows police mistakes, but a mistaken
arrest is very rare occurance. At the same time, don't forget that officers risk
their lives every day. Americans have to honor sacrifices of policemen.
Police officers significantly improve the quality of life for the citizens of their
communities by keeping the peace despite sometimes overwhelming odds.
America has to stand against radical activists who threaten not only officers
lives, but also our security.

2.6K Likes 210 Comments 1.9K Shares
1` Like

* Comment

4
0 Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence
P(1)0002381

