Ad ID 431

Ad Text Barack Obama and his team have spent two months working to secure 41
percent for Iran deal. And now they Claim enourmous victory.

Under the Constitution, treaties require the support of two-thirds of the

Senate. The deal with Iran is a treaty in every respect — a legally binding long-
term agreement between sovereign powers, in which hundreds of billions of
dollars will flow and billions of dollars in nuclear materiel will be destroyed.

Since this is a treaty and we have 100 senators, Obama should have been
obliged to secure the backing of 67 senators, not 41. Obama knows he can
never get Iran deal through the Congress. Americans voted for the GOP in
2014 to provide Republican majority in both the House of representatives and
the Senate. It has to stop crazy ideas of Obama.

But Obama is not stupid, he is very crafty politician. He succeded to Change a
subject to a vote — not of approval, like a treaty, but of disapproval. It would be
treated like any piece of legislation. It would be voted on by the House and
the Senate, and if they turned thumbs-down, he could then exercise his
presidential veto.

The Constitution requires a second vote by the two Houses of Congress to
overturn such a veto — and in that case, the vote has to be by two-thirds. So,
instead of 67 Senators having to support the deal to make it legal, 67
senators have to disapprove of it to render it null and void. It is enough 60 or
more Senators to overturn a veto. But you remember, 41 Senators agree to
support the deal.

Thus, it may well be that for the first time in American history, a president will
simply impose a treaty on the country without even the pretense of seeking
and obtaining the advice and consent of the Congress. And how? With 42
percent.

Barack Obama is very smart man, but he is not a patriot. He doesn’t care
about Americans. All what he cares is his outsized ambitions.

Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/patriototus

Ad Targeting Location: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Being Patriotic, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Being Patriotic

Ad Impressions 1,813
Ad Clicks 268
Ad Spend 395.65 RUB
Ad Creation Date 09/10/15 03:48:38 AM PDT
Ad End Date 09/11/15 03:48:37 AM PDT

P(1)0002265

