Ad ID 177
Ad Text Know your rights and your freedom
The murders of Michael Brown, Tryvon Martin, Freddie Gray, Eric Gartner
and other black victims have dramatized depth of racism in America society.
They were young and Black- that was enough for police officers to decide that
they looked suspicious. The police brutality has sparked the movement and
has emerged to demand justice and political attention. However, the everyday
racism we see was not understood, but ignored. Moreover, the government
along with the law enforcement violate our rights through the illegal use of
force and mass arrests in order to obstruct our free expression.
Yes, standing up for your right to protest for the equality and justice is
challenging, but it's worth discrimination and unfairness black civilians face
everyday. Remember, knowing your rights can be the most powerful weapon
you have against police abuse and brutality.
The most famous civil rights activists represent a basic philosophy, known for
their fight against injustice and lasting profound impact in the lives of AfricanAmericans. Martin Luther King Jr., Malcolm X, Mary McLeod Bethune, Rosa
Parks changed our lives forever.
But what changes have you made? Have you contributed to a greater
equality? What are you doing to fight against injustice and racism? Have you
ever protested in civil rights protests or have you ever been part of Black
Lives Matter movement? How do your protect your right to free expression?
Please comment below, what have YOU done to prove- BLACK LIVES
MATTER?
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/Black-Matters-1579673598947501/
Ad Targeting Location: United States: Baltimore Maryland; Ferguson, St. Louis Missouri;
Cleveland Ohio
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Black Matters, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Black Matters
Ad Impressions 17
Ad Clicks 0
Ad Spend 2.59 RUB
Ad Creation Date 09/23/15 02:52:24 AM PDT
Ad End Date 09/26/15 02:52:24 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0001964

