Ad ID 516
Ad Text The U.S. Constitutional Convention signed and adopted the Constitution at
Philadelphia's Independence Hall 228 years ago. Since then the U.S.
Constitution has been amended twenty-seven times. All of amendments are
steps that made the United States the greatest country in the world.
The U.S. Constitution is not only the law, it is the basis of the country. Every
true patriot respects it.
Unfortunately, last decade has become the time of nihilism. More and more
people don't respect American law. More and more people come to the
United States and some of them don't feel reverence for our Constitution. It
goes without saying that illegals who already broke the immigration law and
will violate the supreme law easily. But the worst thing is that the current
president of the United States and some high-ranking officials also spit upon
the Constitution. They call for ban the right to bear arms, a confederate flag (I
think this flag reflects not slavery, but important part of American history) and
some liberals ban even the Old Glory -- a school district in Tennessee has
banned all flags and banners, including the U.S. flag -- and so on. The same
regards the Iran deal.
America has a hard time. And we have to save the U.S. Constitution. We
have to do it in God's name! America has to be great again because we are
one nation under God!
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/patriototus
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Being Patriotic, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Being Patriotic
Ad Impressions 1,318
Ad Clicks 222
Ad Spend 351.16 RUB
Ad Creation Date 09/17/15 07:28:27 AM PDT
Ad End Date 09/18/15 07:28:26 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002375

Being Patriotic

Ilk

Like Page

Sponsored - 0
The U.S. Constitutional Convention signed and adopted the Constitution at
Philadelphia's Independence Hall 228 years ago. Since then the U.S.
Constitution has been amended twenty-seven times. All of amendments are
steps that made the United States the greatest country in the world.
The U.S. Constitution is not only the law, it is the basis of the country. Every
true patriot respects it.
Unfortunately, last decade has become the time of nihilism. More and more
people don't re... Sr c N,Inr~,

865 Likes 35 Comme nv ';' ~ Di ldi
ji Like

* Comment

A Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002376

