Ad ID 561
Ad Text SCOTUS RULES AGAINST KENTUCKY CLERK IN GAY MARRIAGE CASE
The Supreme Court on Monday evening denied a Kentucky clerk's request to
keep enforcing her "no marriage licenses" policy — an attempt to avoid
issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples — while she appeals the trial
court's preliminary ruling.
Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis will have to choose whether to issue marriage
licenses, defying her Christian conviction, or continue to refuse them, defying
a federal judge who could pummel her with fines or order that she be hauled
off to jail.
For Ms. Davis to enact her own personal policy is completely unacceptable.
She is on her fourth marriage, a sinner according to her Bible, yet she's
screaming about religious convictions. What a hypocrite!
And she doesn't even perform the ceremony, only issue a license. What her
religious convictions has to do with it?? It's not up to her to make policy, it's
her role only to enact it!
Funny how all these "Christians" are preaching and practicing all this hate,
eh?
If Jesus were around today, his response would be most likely, "What the hell
is wrong with you people!"
#SameSexMarriage #MarriageEquality #Kentucky #SCOTUS #homophobia
#bigotry
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/LGBT-United-839497472793277/
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like LGBT United, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to LGBT United
Ad Impressions 8,111
Ad Clicks 951
Ad Spend 500.00 RUB
Ad Creation Date 09/01/15 07:44:55 AM PDT
Ad End Date 09/03/15 07:44:00 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0000122

LGBT United
'yrt

iir Like Page

Sponsored - 0

SCOTUS RULES AGAINST KENTUCKY CLERK IN GAY MARRIAGE CASE

The Supreme Court on Monday evening denied a Kentucky clerk's request
to keep enforcing her "no marriage licenses' policy — an attempt to avoid
issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples — while she appeals the trial
court's preliminary ruling.
Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis will have to choose whether to issue
marriage licenses, defying her Christian conviction, or continue to refuse
them, defying a federal judge who ... See More

Claiming that
someone else's
marriage is against
your religion is
like being
angry at someone
for eating a
doughnutbecause
you're on
a diet.

i'<t .~ 25 Comments 297 Shares
i` Like

* Comment

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

o+ Share

P(1)0000123

