Ad ID 506
Ad Text Why am I against individuals who live in the United States illegally? On the
one hand, I have nothing against foreigners. On the other hand, I love the
United States very much.
If the government gives an amnesty to them who broke the immigration law, it
doesn't respect Americans who love their country. Why citizens cannot break
the law, but illegals can? What nonsense!
Illegal immigrants work illegally and they don't pay taxes. Many of them
commit a crime. And the police have no their finger prints because illegals
have never obtained U.S. visa.
If people want to live in the United States, they should require U.S. residence
permit. Illegals should not be amnestied. How can we be the greatest nation
in the world, if we don't respect our law? I am against illegals not because
am chauvinist, but because I am patriot!
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/patriototus
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Interests: Independence or Patriotism
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Ad Impressions 29
Ad Clicks 5
Ad Spend 11.06 RUB
Ad Creation Date 09/01/15 11:58:28 PM PDT
Ad End Date 09/02/15 11:58:28 PM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002361

,dr

Being Patriotic
Sponsored • 0

Like Page

Why am I against individuals who live in the United States illegally? On the
one hand, I have nothing against foreigners. On the other hand. I love the
United States very much.
If the government gives an amnesty to them who broke the immigration law,
it doesn't respect Americans who love their country. Why citizens cannot
break the law, but illegals can? What nonsense!
Illegal immigrants work illegally and they don't pay taxes. Many of them
commit a crime. And the police hay... See More

W-ALM
I

SHARE
p

l

269 Likes 7 Comments 203 Shares

ilk

Like

* Comment

A Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002362

