Ad ID 2345
Ad Text Please share this disturbing video. A routine revenue collection stop turned
into a nightmare for this black man.
Kevin Campbell was driving his wife's minivan home in June when he was
targeted for revenue collection by Allen Park Police Officer Daniel Mack.
Mack literally kidnapped Campbell, placed him in handcuffs, threw him in a
cage over a suspended license, accused Campbell of having drugs on him
despite the fact that the K9 didn't find anything. Moreover, the cop sodomized
him by putting the illegal substance inside his body. There was no search
warrant.
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/blackmattersus.mvmnt/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States: New York (+25 mi) New York
Age: 16 - 65+
Language: English (UK)or English (US)
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: Interests: Martin Luther King, Jr., Black Power, AfricanAmerican Civil Rights Movement(1954-68), African-American history, Angela
Davis, Malcolm X or Cop Block
Ad Impressions 0
Ad Clicks 0
Ad Spend None
Ad Creation Date 11/23/16 12:50:09 PM PST
Ad End Date 10/13/16 01:06:08 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0004710

BMA

BM
Sponsored - 0

,ifi Like Page

Please share this disturbing video. A routine revenue collection stop turned
into a nightmare for this black man.
Kevin Campbell was driving his wife's minivan home in June when he was
targeted for revenue collection by Allen Park Police Officer Daniel Mack.
Mack literally kidnapped Campbell, placed him in handcuffs, threw him in a
cage over a suspended license, accused Campbell of having drugs on him
despite the fact that the K9 didn't find anything. Moreover, the cop
sodomized him by putting the illegal substance inside his body. There was
no search warrant.

VESTIQATOR&
f
DETROIT FATHER ACCUSES POLICE OF
DOING UNLAWFUL BODY CAVITY SEARCH

7t

540 Reactions 162 Comments 1.6K Shares

ilk

Like

* Comment

of Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0004711

