Ad ID 3157
Ad Text Joshua was born in Chicago, Illinois, and raised in Indianapolis. Two months
before his death, he proposed to his longtime girlfriend and the mother of two
sons.
Joshua Beal had come to Chicago to serve as a pallbearer in the funeral of
his cousin Marcus Washington who was fatally shot on October 27, 2016 in
Indianapolis at the age of 26.
Beal was fatally shot after he and several relatives were involved in what
authorities called a road rage incident with an off-duty police officer and an offduty firefighter.
The relatives along with others in the caravan were headed to Southwest
Memorial Chapel after burying their cousin Marcus Washington, she said.
Suddenly, Boxley said, a car cut her off and then tried to run her 17-year-old
sister off the road. She said her family as well as the motorist who had cut her
off — who she believed was a Chicago police officer — stopped and got out of
their cars.
At some point the man pushed her female cousin to the ground and pulled a
gun on her, pointing it at her face, according to Boxley.
She said the man got inside his car but exited again and "he just started
shooting," hitting the windshield of a car containing Beal, who had pulled his
gun when he saw the man holding a gun on their cousin. Boxley said Beal
legally owned the gun and did not fire it.
Boxley said the man pulled Beal out of his front passenger seat and began
shooting him.
"I was hoping my brother wasn't dead," said Boxley.
Beal's mother said he was a father to two children, a 4-year-old and a 2-yearold, and that his fiancee was a stay-at-home mother.
"This is what CPD do. They tear our families apart over and over again. They
have no consideration for life," - Tiffaney Boxley.
Yet another father of two has been shot, and despite what the cop's report will
say, i know there can never be a way a Black man isn't guilty for his own
death, armed or unarmed.
#joshuabeal #altonsterling #TerenceCrutcher #westandtogether
#blacklivesmatter #unite4justice
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/Woke-Blacks-294234600956431/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Interests: Martin Luther King, Jr., African-American Civil Rights Movement
(1954-68), African-American history or Malcolm X

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0005753

Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Ad Impressions 4,736
Ad Clicks 557
Ad Spend 65.00 RUB
Ad Creation Date 11/08/16 02:25:22 PM PST
Ad End Date 11/09/16 02:25:22 PM PST

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0005754

lvBawl Woke Blacks

jjj Like Page

Sponsored - o

Joshua was born in Chicago, Illinois, and raised in Indianapolis. Two months
before his death, he proposed to his longtime girlfriend and the mother of
two sons.
Joshua Beal had come to Chicago to serve as a pallbearer in the funeral of
his cousin Marcus Washington who was fatally shot on October 27, 2016 in
Indianapolis at the age of 26.
Beal was fatally shot after he and several relatives were involved in what
authorities called a road rage incident with an off-duty police ... ~7ein Mort:

#JoshuaBeal Shot and
Killed By Chicago Police
1 he 25-year-old indianapolis man was in Chicago for a funeral, but ended up dead himself
after a confrontation in a predominantly white area of the city.

152 Reactions 5 Comments 104 Shares
ills Like

* comment

A Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0005755

