Ad ID 2477
Ad Text Leon Moss, 12, is Atlanta resident. His mother discovered Leon's talent when
he was 9-year-old. She began to take him to local museums such as the
Apex, the Sights and Sounds Black Cultural Museum and the Fernbank
Museum of Natural History.
To improve Leon's skills of painting he began to attend art classes of R.
Gregory Christies. Non-profit organization the Southwest Atlanta Youth
Business Organization(SWAYBO)also helped Leon in many ways.
According to blacknews.com, the organization gave him lessons of "poise
and presentation, public speaking, sales and marketing at marketplaces and
how to perform basic accounting formulas. With SWAYBO, Leon has met
judges, successful business owners and other pillars of the Black
community."
Now Moss makes illustrations and sells the copies of his works. The first book
with his illustrations is As Big As God.
That's what we call the support of family and the community! Good luck,
Leon! We should believe in ourselves just like Leon's mother believed in him.
Our roots are strong; just imagine how strong you can be if only you grow with
your roots!
#blackexcellence #blackperfection #blackbeauty #blackbusiness
#africanamerican #blackcommunity #melanin #blackpride #blackout #america
#usa #blackscience #education #diversity #leonmoss #art #blackart
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/iloveblackexcellence/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: Interests: Martin Luther King, Jr., My Black is Beautiful,
Black is beautiful or Black Girls Rock!
Ad Impressions 1,827
Ad Clicks 268
Ad Spend 200.00 RUB
Ad Creation Date 02/01/17 05:04:52 AM PST
Ad End Date 02/02/17 05:04:52 AM PST

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0004913

Black Excellence
ponsored 0

Idl Like Page

Leon Moss, 12, is Atlanta resident. His mother discovered Leon's talent
when he was 9-year-old. She began to take him to local museums such as
the Apex, the Sights and Sounds Black Cultural Museum and the Fernbank
Museum of Natural History.
To improve Leon's skills of painting he began to attend art classes of R.
Gregory Christies. Non-profit organization the Southwest Atlanta Youth
Business Organization (SWAYBO) also helped Leon in many ways.
According to blacknews.com, the ... See More

LEON MOSS,
12-YEAR-OLD ARTIST
LAUNCHES INSPIRATIONAL
"ART FOR KIDS" BUSINESS
218 Reactions 14 Comments 61 Shares
Ii Like

* Comment

A Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0004914

