Ad ID 3309
Ad Text "This is my lived experience," Muhammad said. "I'm formerly incarcerated, I
spent a lot of my childhood in different systems and I had no idea about the
beast that communities of color are fighting. My mother didn't know about the
school-to-prison pipeline, she just knew she had a black boy." Coleman
explained how his work with wrongfully-convicted clients had shaped his view
of the U.S. criminal justice system, which he described as racially lopsided.
"It's not by choice that most of my clients are African American," Coleman
said. "It's a fact of life and of the prison system. If most of the people going
into the system are black men, most of my clients will be too." The Duke
Journal of Gender Law and Policy hosted a symposium Tuesday focusing on
efforts to improve criminal justice and the American prison system. Titled
"Intersectionality and the Black Lives Matter Movement," the event featured a
panel of speakers, including James Coleman, John S. Bradway professor of
the practice of law, and Umar Muhammad, community organizer for the
Southern Coalition for Justice, along with Theresa Newman, clinical professor
of law. "I didn't feel prepared for the world. I didn't feel rehabilitated. I had no
resources," Muhammad said. -The ChronicleAd Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/Hell_and_Back-1806743482876111/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: Interests: Corrections Corporation of America, American
Correctional Association or The Inmates
Ad Impressions 0
Ad Clicks 0
Ad Spend None
Ad Creation Date 02/13/17 07:31:36 AM PST
Ad End Date 02/14/17 07:31:36 AM PST

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0005935

Hell_and _Back

jib Like Page

Sponsored - 0

"This is my lived experience," Muhammad said. "I'm formerly incarcerated, I
spent a lot of my childhood in different systems and I had no idea about the
beast that communities of color are fighting. My mother didn't know about
the school-to-prison pipeline, she just knew she had a black boy." Coleman
explained how his work with wrongfully-convicted clients had shaped his
view of the U.S. criminal justice system, which he described as racially
lopsided. "It's not by choice tha... See More

"1 didn't feel rehabilitated."

Ilk Like

* Comment

A Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0005936

