Ad ID 751
Ad Text Obama is a total hypocrite and a liar! He visited the Dallas memorial service
to blame us of racism. He just had to turn a ceremony honoring the fallen
officers into a disgraceful. He doesn't care about fallen officers! Obama is not
our leader!
Texans have already honored our heroes, laying flowers at Dallas police
headquarters. But Obama's speech did not make sense at all. That's why we
have to support all police officers who refused to applaud Obama.
Taking sides with these rioters and racists, Obama literally called for open war
against police officers and whites. He came there and he lectured officers
who are targeted every day for assassination by Black Lives Matter that they
need to change. Kick this asshole out of Texas!
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/Heart-of-Texas-761114847343674/
Ad Targeting Location: United States: Texas
Interests: Independence or Patriotism
Excluded Connections: Exclude people who like Heart of Texas
Age: 18 - 65+
Language: English (UK)or English (US)
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Ad Impressions 0
Ad Clicks 0
Ad Spend None
Ad Creation Date 07/14/16 12:54:14 AM PDT
Ad End Date 07/15/16 12:54:13 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002748

W7 Heart of Texas

Ilk Like Page

Obama is a total hypocrite and a liar! He visited the Dallas memorial service
to blame us of racism. He just had to turn a ceremony honoring the fallen
officers into a disgraceful. He doesn't care about fallen officers! Obama is
not our leader!
Texans have already honored our heroes, laying flowers at Dallas police
headquarters. But Obama's speech did not make sense at all. That's why we
have to support all police officers who refused to applaud Obama.
Taking sides with these rioters and racists, Obama literally called for open
war against police officers and whites. He came there and he lectured
officers who are targeted every day for assassination by Black Lives Matter
that they need to change. Kick this asshole out of Texas!

17K Reactions 1.4K Comments 18K Shares
1` Like

* Comment

A Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002749

