Ad ID 834
Ad Text A lone sniper shot 14 people and killed 5 police officers, in Dallas late
Thursday night. It was a peaceful protest against the police shootings of Alton
Sterling in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and Philando Castile in Falcon Heights,
Minnesota. So he turned this peaceful protest into a scene of chaos and
carnage. The wounded include seven police officers and two civilians. The
sniper, Micah X. Johnson was a black U.S. military veteran of the Afghan war.
As he was captured, he claimed he wanted to "kill white people".
There's no evidence that he was a Black Lives Matters activist. There's no
proof that he was into the movement anyhow. It happened almost a week ago
and the police can't show anything to prove there was a link between Micah
X. Johnson and Black Lives matter. But the Main stream media are telling us
time and again that «black lives matter terrorists are killing the police officers».
The main stream Media are telling us, that the protest against police terror is
a violent anti-government riot!
Subscribe to our channel:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg
Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnViIliamsandKalvin
Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.comnVilliams8kalvin
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.comnViI Iiam sKalvin-788980617892144/
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Excluded Connections: Exclude people who like Williams&Kalvin
Age: 18 - 51
Language: English (UK)or English (US)
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Exclude: Behaviors: Hispanic(US - All), Hispanic(US - Spanish dominant),
Hispanic(US - English dominant), Hispanic(US - Bilingual: English and
Spanish) or Asian American (US)
People Who Match: Interests: National Museum of American History, Maya
Angelou, Mumia Abu-Jamal, The Raw Story or mother jones, Behaviors:
African American (US)
Ad Impressions 7,773
Ad Clicks 481
Ad Spend 700.00 RUB
Ad Creation Date 07/21/16 09:16:45 AM PDT
Ad End Date 07/22/16 09:16:43 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0001505

WEH
rW

Williams&Kalvin

Ii

Like Page

Sponsored - 0

A lone sniper shot 14 people and Killed 5 police officers, in Dallas late
Thursday night. It was a peaceful protest against the police shootings of
Altcn Sterling in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and Philando Castile in Falcon
Heights, Minnesota. So he turned this peaceful protest into a scene of chaos
and carnage. The wounded include seven police officers and two civilians.
The sniper, Micah X. Johnson was a black U.S. military veteran of the
Afghan war. As he was captured, he cla... See More

r

1LA ~•1.91~1n111

1116 Like

* Comment

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

A Share

P(1)0001506

