Ad ID
Ad Text

Ad Landing Page

Ad Targeting

1327

Congressional Republicans voted on Thursday to make it more difficult for
refugees from Syria and Iraq to come to the US as the fallout from last
Friday’s |sis terrorist attacks in Paris continues.

In addition, more than half of the US’s governors have said they will no
longer provide placement for Syrian refugees, arguing that they pose too
great a risk to national security.

New Jersey governor and Republican presidential candidate Chris Christie
has said his state will not take in any refugees — “not even orphans under the
age of five”.

Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal has said he has directed state police to
“track” the Syrian refugees in his state, something his state police have
played down.

GOP presidential hopefuls Ted Cruz and Jeb Bush have suggested the US
government prioritize Christian refugees.

Barack Obama has pledged to veto the legislation, and has condemned the
anti-refugee comments as “un-American”, but experts worry the backlash
could have dangerous consequences if these Claims go unchecked.

The stories you need to read, in one handy email

Read more

“Sowing fear of refugees is exactly the kind of response groups like |sis are
seeking,” said |ain Levine, deputy executive director for program at Human
Rights Watch, on Thursday. “Yes, governments need to bring order to
refugee processing and weed out militant extremists, but now more than ever
they also need to stand with people uprooted from their homes by ideologies
of hatred and help them find real protection.”

http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/nov/19/syrian-refugees-in-america-
fact-from-fiction-congress Obama has condemned more than half of the US’s
governors as ‘un-American’ for saying they will no longer provide placement
for Syrian refugees. Who is right? Syrian refugees in America: separating fact
from fiction in the debate Stop A.|.

https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/nov/19/syrian-refugees-in-
america-fact-from-fiction-congress

Location - Living In: United States

Interests: Syria, Republican Party (United States), Thursday or United States
Congress

Age: 18 - 65+

Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices

P(1)0003241

