Ad ID 789
Ad Text Where is the justice? Our brothers and sisters are being cruelly killed by the
so-called police every day and our judicial system is absolutely blind. We are
all Americans, but why does our corrupt Government differ black and white
people? We want the same attitude! I don't want to be scared of living in my
country! They will never shut me up!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GjSyORgShOI Where is the justice? Our
brothers and sisters are being cruelly killed by the so-called police every day
and our judicial system is absolutely blind. We are... Police is not above the
law!
Ad Landing Page https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GjSyORgShOl
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Age: 18 - 54
Language: English (UK)or English (US)
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Accessing Facebook on: Wi-Fi
People Who Match: Interests: BlackNews.com, HuffPost Politics or HuffPost
Black Voices
And Must Also Match: Behaviors: African American (US)
Ad Impressions 3,067
Ad Clicks 172
Ad Spend 1,000.00 RUB
Ad Creation Date 01/05/16 02:04:48 AM PST
Ad End Date 01/07/16 02:03:00 AM PST

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0001451

WIlllams&IKalvin
WEN Sponsored - 0

iik Like Page

Where is the justice? Our brothers and sisters are being cruelly killed by the
so-called police every day and our judicial system is absolutely blind. We are
all Americans, but why does our corrupt Government differ black and white
people? We avant the same attitude! I don't want to be scared of living in my
country! They will never shut me up!
https://www.youtube.r,om/Watch?v=GjSyORgSh OI

Police is not above the law!
u..•;;
w,,.,
tv

Where is the Justice? Our bro"Hers and sisters are
being cruelty lolled by tine so-called ,police every day
and our judicial system is absolutely blind. We are...

YOUTUBE.CO`vt

kk1-lyEftc

58 Likes 3 Comments 21 Shares
Ill Luce

* Comment

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

of Shane

P(1)0001452

