Ad ID 1327
Ad Text Congressional Republicans voted on Thursday to make it more difficult for
refugees from Syria and Iraq to come to the US as the fallout from last
Friday's Isis terrorist attacks in Paris continues.
In addition, more than half of the US's governors have said they will no
longer provide placement for Syrian refugees, arguing that they pose too
great a risk to national security.
New Jersey governor and Republican presidential candidate Chris Christie
has said his state will not take in any refugees — "not even orphans under the
age of five".
Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal has said he has directed state police to
"track" the Syrian refugees in his state, something his state police have
played down.
GOP presidential hopefuls Ted Cruz and Jeb Bush have suggested the US
government prioritize Christian refugees.
Barack Obama has pledged to veto the legislation, and has condemned the
anti-refugee comments as "un-American", but experts worry the backlash
could have dangerous consequences if these claims go unchecked.

The stories you need to read, in one handy email
Read more
"Sowing fear of refugees is exactly the kind of response groups like Isis are
seeking," said lain Levine, deputy executive director for program at Human
Rights Watch, on Thursday. "Yes, governments need to bring order to
refugee processing and weed out militant extremists, but now more than ever
they also need to stand with people uprooted from their homes by ideologies
of hatred and help them find real protection."

http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/nov/19/syrian-refugees-in-americafact-from-fiction-congress Obama has condemned more than half of the US's
governors as `un-American' for saying they will no longer provide placement
for Syrian refugees. Who is right? Syrian refugees in America: separating fact
from fiction in the debate Stop A.1.
Ad Landing Page https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/nov/19/syrian-refugees-inam erica-fact-from-fiction-congress
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Interests: Syria, Republican Party (United States), Thursday or United States
Congress
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0003241

Ad Impressions 306
Ad Clicks 22
Ad Spend 100.00 RUB
Ad Creation Date 01/08/16 12:52:11 AM PST
Ad End Date 01/09/16 12:52:11 AM PST

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0003242

STOP

Stop A.I.

ii Like Page

Sponsored - 0

Congressional Republicans voted on Thursday to make it more difficult for
refugees from Syria and Iraq to come to the US as the fallout from last
Friday's Isis terrorist attacks in Paris continues.
In addition, more than half of the US's governors have said they will no
longer provide placement for Syrian refugees, arguing that they pose too
great a risk to national security.
New Jersey governor and Republican presidential candidate Chris Christie
has said his state will not ... Sae More

Syrian refugees in America: separating fact from fiction
in the debate
Obama has condemned more than half of the US's governors as 'un-American'for
saying they will no longer provide placement for Syrian refugees. Who is right?
THEGUARDIAN.COM

1111 Like

F Comment

#4 Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0003243

