Ad ID 2732
Ad Text Irma Gonzalez was one of six women inducted into the San Diego County
Women's Hall of Fame earlier this month. This is a huge step for a latino
woman in the US. She says: "Diversity on the bench is so important because
the people that come to court come from all different walks of life, different
ethnic backgrounds, different religious backgrounds."
However, if it's a sign of diversity, this is a very weak sign. Just think, we are
indigenous inhabitants of this land and we were cut off all privileges since
gabachos came and stole our land. So, it took almost 500 years for our
woman to reach a prestigious position in the government that is not really
caring about us! Whether there are latinos or not, authorities will continue to
deport us from our indigenous land!
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/brownunitedfront/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: Interests: Mexico, Latin hip hop, Chicano Movement,
Hispanidad, Lowrider, Chicano rap or La Raza
Ad Impressions 2,247
Ad Clicks 133
Ad Spend 137.16 RUB
Ad Creation Date 03/14/17 07:37:53 AM PDT
Ad End Date 03/15/17 01:07:00 PM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0005266

0

0

NAVE,

Brown Power
Sponsored - i4l

Ilk Like Page

Irma Gonzalez was one of six women inducted into the San Diego County
Women's Hall of Fame earlier this month. This is a huge step for a latino
woman in the US. She says;''Diversity on the bench is so important because
the people that come to court come from all different walks of life, different
ethnic backgrounds, different religious backgrounds."
However, if it's a sign of diversity, this is a very weak sign. Just think, we are
indigenous inhabitants of this land and we were cut oft all privileges since
gabachos came and stole our land. So, it took almost 500 years for our
woman to reach a prestigious position in the government that is not really
caring about us" Whether there are latinos or not, authorities will continue to
deport us from our indigenous land!

WE ARE INDIGENOUS INNABITANTS OF THIS
LAND BUT..

IT TOOK ALMOST 500 YEARS FOR OUR
WOMAN TO REACH A PRESTIGIOUS
POSITION IN THE GOVERNMENT
217 Reactions 7 Comments 75 Shares

ilk

Like

* Comment

A Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0005267

