Ad ID 2461
Ad Text "First and foremost, we as Chicago Public School students would like to thank
you for the supportive donation to our schools. As we all know, CPS has been
struggling financially, and your donation has really given us a push to get to
where we need to be and possibly motivate others to give back to the
community as well. This is only one of the many things that you have done to
improve our Chicago...
All of the things that you do for our city never go unnoticed. All of the free
concerts you host and all the time you spend here in the city really show you
care. We notice it. We look up to you because the fame usually takes humility
away from artists, but it hasn't changed you...
We thank you for supporting Chicago's minority youth when not many others
have put time to think about the kids. As minority students we feel ignored
and as though we don't have enough support from bigger influences like you.
Being born and raised in Chicago is not easy at all. There are so many
stereotypes and restrictions we have as teenagers due to the frequent
violence and crimes. Your music puts some at ease because we know that
someone cares and someone has experienced these daily struggles too. You
and your music have taught us that you can be true to yourself and still be
successful, still be self-made...
Once again, thank you for aiding us and giving something back to the city we
know and love, Chicago.
Sincerely,
Alex Rojas, Alondra Cerros, and Annelisse Betancourt
Lake View High School Students
Chicago, Illinois"
It's not the full letter, but some extracts. It's sweet to observe how young
people don't hesitate to express their gratitude and respond to someone who
cares for them. We are sure, that Chano needs it. Love should be given back.
It should work.
As an independent artist he got people's support and Chance didn't forget
who made him famous. Artists are made of talent, work and people's love.
That's cool that this love goes back and forth!
We need more of these positive black people on the media, because some
people forget how much love and care black people show. Hopefully one day
different race will be the issue of diversity, not stereotypes.
#blackexcellence #blackperfection #blackbeauty #blackbusiness
#africanamerican #blackcommunity #melanin #blackpride #blackout #america
#usa #blackscience #education #diversity #chancetherapper #chicago #music
#hiphop #rap
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/iloveblackexcellence
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: Interests: Martin Luther King, Jr., My Black is Beautiful,
Black is beautiful or Black Girls Rock!

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0000842

Ad Impressions 1,439
Ad Clicks 155
Ad Spend 200.00 RUB
Ad Creation Date 03/17/17 07:33:54 AM PDT
Ad End Date 03/20/17 10:55:00 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0000843

Black Excellence
Sponsored • N

idl Like Page

"First and foremost, we as Chicago Public School students would like to
thank you for the supportive donation to our schools. As we all know, CPS
has been struggling financially, and your donation has really given us a push
to get to where we need to be and possibly motivate others to give back to
the community as well. This is only one of the many things that you have
done to improve our Chicago...
Al of the things that you do for our city never go unnoticed. All of the fre...
See More
FI

8

Is
AN OPEN LETTER TO CHANCE THE RAPPER
FROM CHICAGO STUDENTS:'YOU'RE MORE
THAN JUST AN ARTIST TO US, YOU ARE A WAY OF LIFE'

x++

(%irngn 7~Gr

tirhM+ll~+ufcta~ni~

Sttott

3'fir20 a

ehool of
am •iona
00
S 1.000.000.

OiW MA/c "Ila-.Ploo

HI

.4A— vim'

J
1
J

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0000844

