Ad ID 2734
Ad Text We both fight the same system and we both will win in the future. Indigenous
black civilisations of America and our civilisations were ruined by the same
gabachos. And we both are growing in numbers, even whitewashed statistic,
and officials prove it. Iowa Rep. Steve King said that "The United States is
moving towards becoming, the whites becoming a minority, a majorityminority within the country." Also, he said that "Blacks and Hispanics will be
fighting each other before overtaking whites in population", and this is exactly
what authorities want. They will be ruling us while we would be too busy
fighting each other! So, don't let this happen! Help black people in their
struggle and let them help us!
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/brownunitedfront/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: Interests: Hispanic and latino american culture, Mexico,
Mexican american culture, Hispanic culture, Latino culture, Latin hip hop,
Chicano, Chicano Movement, Hispanidad, Mexican Pride, Lowrider, Chicano
rap or La Raza
Ad Impressions 19,536
Ad Clicks 2,583
Ad Spend 199.56 RUB
Ad Creation Date 03/15/17 07:59:42 AM PDT
Ad End Date 03/16/17 09:30:00 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0000987

to

0

Br.111,N

x,.e

Brown Power
Sponsored - 0

Ar Like Page

We both fight the same system and we both will win in the future. Indigenous
black civilisations of America and our civilisations were ruined by the same
gabachos. And we both are growing in numbers, even whitewashed statistic,
and officials prove it. Iowa Rep. Steve King said that "The United States is
moving towards becoming, the whites becoming a minority, a majorityminority within the country." Also, he said that "Blacks and Hispanics will be
fighting each other before overtaking whites in population", and this is
exactly what authorities want. They will be ruling us while we would be too
busy fighting each other! So, don't let this happen! Help black people in their
struggle and let them help us".

BLACK PEOPLE AND MEKICANS SHOULD NOT
FIGHT EACH OTHER!

WE ARE ON THE SAME SIDE OF THE HISTORY!
5.1 K Reactions 175 Comments 2K Shares

ilk

Like

* Comment

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

A

Share

P(1)0000988

