Ad ID 860
Ad Text Black people have no place in the coming 2016 presidential election because
we have had our chance and we never profited out of it. We had a moment to
present economic or social advancement plans to president Obama, yet we
refused and let anti- blacks trick us into thinking that was not elected to
benefit just black people alone. President Obama was elected for a reason.
He was the stepping stone for blacks to rise but it was blown away. Now, it is
the time of White America to rebuild and advance and make their race great.
The war for power between blacks and whites is very real, but the black
community has forgotten. Consequently, the power of black is fading day by
day because those in position are descending from the ladder every day. In
no time; "White Power' will be stronger than before.
Subscribe to our channel:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg
Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/WilliamsandKalvin
Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/WilliamsKalvin-788980617892144/
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Excluded Connections: Exclude people who like Williams&Kalvin
Age: 18 - 51
Language: English (UK) or English (US)
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Exclude: Behaviors Hispanic(US - All), Hispanic(US - Spanish dominant),
Hispanic(US - English dominant), Hispanic(US - Bilingual: English and
Spanish) or Asian American (US)
People Who Match: Interests: National Museum of American History, Maya
Angelou, Mumia Abu-Jamal, The Raw Story or mother jones, Behaviors:
African American (US)
Ad Impressions 9.577
Ad Clicks 908
Ad Spend 750.00 RUB
Ad Creation Date 08/09/16 07:14:08 AM PDT
Ad End Date 08/10/16 07:14:06 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0001537

Williams&Kalvin
WEN Sponsored • 1,

,dr Like Page

Black people have no place in the coming 2016 presidential election
because we have had our chance and we never profited out of it. We had a
moment to present economic or social advancement plans to president
Obama, yet we refused and let anti- blacks trick us into thinking that was not
elected to benefit just black people alone. President Obama was elected for
a reason. He was the stepping stone for blacks to rise but it was blown away.
Now, it is the time of White America t... Sec More

1` Like

* Comment

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

A Share

P(1)0001538

