Ad ID 3503
Ad Text Thousands of Americans have already signed a petition to ban Clinton
dynasty from owning the White House. Thousands of people demand to
disavow support for Hillary Clinton and to disqualify her from participating in
2016 presidential race.
Dynastic succession of the Clinton family in American politics breaches the
core democratic principles laid out by our Founding Fathers.
Corrupt corporations and Clinton foundation have already helped Hillary
evade imprisonment for her wrongdoings.
A president from the same self-perpetuating dynasty will further rupture the
American political system, turning American democracy into a monarchy.

Join us. Sign and share the petition using #SayNoToPoIiticalDynasties.
America needs YOUR help We call for disqualification and removal of Hillary
Clinton from the presidential ballot as dynastic succession of the Clinton
family in American politics breaches the core democratic principles laid out by
our Founding Fathers. We demand members of one family legislatively
banned from holding the s... Disavow support for the Clinton political dynasty.
Disqualify and remove Hillary Clinton from 2016 Presidential Ballot I We the
People: Your Voice in Our Government Make America Great Again Donald J
Trump for President
Ad Landing Page https:Hpetitions.wh itehouse.gov/petition/d isavow-support-clinton-poIitica1dynasty-disqualify-and-remove-hillary-clinton-2016-presidential-ballot
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Interests: Donald Trump, Donald Trump for President or Donald Trump Jr.
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Ad Impressions 4,650
Ad Clicks 681
Ad Spend 1,842.68 RUB
Ad Creation Date 08/05/16 02:38:49 AM PDT
Ad End Date 08/06/16 02:38:47 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0006174

Make America Great Again Donald J Trump
for President
Sponsored • 0

I&

Like Page

Thousands of Americans have already signed a petition to ban Clinton
dynasty from owning the White House. Thousands of people demand to
disavow support for Hillary Clinton and to disqualify her from participating in
2016 presidential race.
Dynastic succession of the Clinton family in American politics breaches the
core democratic principles laid out by our Founding Fathers.
Corrupt corporations and Clinton foundation have already helped Hillary
evade imprisonment for her wron... See More

WE41,
PEOPL

SOUR VOICE TN THE WHITE HOUSE
Disavow support for the Clinton political dynasty.
Disqualify and remove Hillary Clinton from 2o16
Presidential Ballot I We the People: Your Voice in Our...
PETITIONS.WHITEHOUSE.GO V

242 Reactions 115 Comments 37 Shares
Iil Like

* comment

A Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0006175

