Ad ID 448
Ad Text The Census Bureau published the new data in its International Data Base,
which contains population estimates and projections up to the year 2050. The
figure from the Census Bureau is a calculation of net migration—meaning the
total number of immigrants who will arrive in the United States in 2015 would
actually be larger than 1.24 million.
Of course, the United States is the country of immigrants. But if America had
huge undeveloped lands and needed workers at the earliest stage, today
there is a jobs deficit. Today the government must restrict immigration that is
a reason of interethnic tensions in the United States. High unemployment rate
fuels intolerance toward immigrants that are ready to work illegally for low
wages. So, besides social problem, immigrants threaten the U.S. economy.
Those who work illegaly don't pay taxes that are an important part of state
budget. Working illegaly, they break the law. Lack of immigration restrictions
increases crime rates.
Moreover, more and more immigrants cannot speak English. One-fifth of
people in the United States speak a foreign language at home, according to a
report of the Center for Immigration Studies.
You see, increasing ammount of immigrants in the United States creates
social and economic problems. However, we have a risk not only to worsen
the U.S. economy, but also to lose our culture. America can't be the Tower of
Babel, we cannot allow everybody to live here if immigration threatens us. We
don't hate foreigners, we are glad to see tourists from every corner of the
world, but we cannot allow them to stay here.
It's the bathos of stupidity to stimulate immigration when it creates enormous
problems for the nation.
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/patriototus
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Being Patriotic, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Being Patriotic
Ad Impressions 1,036
Ad Clicks 105
Ad Spend 258.66 RUB
Ad Creation Date 07/16/15 07:08:59 AM PDT
Ad End Date 07/17/15 07:08:58 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002289

4
~.

Being Patriotic

Ii Like Page

Sponsored - 0

The Census Bureau published the new data in its International Data Base,
which contains population estimates and projections up to the year 2050.
The figure from the Census Bureau is a calculation of net migration—
meaning the total number of immigrants who will arrive in the United States
in 2015 would actually be larger than 1.24 million.

Of course. the United States is the country of immigrants. But if America had
huge undeveloped lands and needed workers at the earliest st... See More

12 Likes 1 Comment 2 Shares
Ii Like

F comment

A Shane

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002290

