Ad ID 432
Ad Text Andy Hallinan — a new justice fighter who banned Muslims from his shop
Andy Hallinan, a Florida gun shop owner has banned Muslim customers from
his store. He declared his shop a "Muslim-free zone" in response to a
shooting in Chattanooga, where a Kuwait-born terrorist killed five US Marines.
Hallinan announced his store's new policy sitting against the Confederate
flag. The video posted in Facebook became popular.
What we can say? Hallinan is completely right! If the government cannot
provide our security, then we must do everything possible to provide it. A lot
of Muslims become Islamists, who pose a real threat to our national security.
We consider that it is really dangerous to sell arms to Muslims, as there're a
lot of terrorists among them. The 2nd amendment was written for people, but
it doesn't relieve people of responsibility.
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/patriototus
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Being Patriotic, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Being Patriotic
Ad Impressions 603
Ad Clicks 100
Ad Spend 164.49 RUB
Ad Creation Date 07/22/15 07:54:48 AM PDT
Ad End Date 07/24/15 07:54:47 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002267

Being Patriotic
Sponsored - 0

rdr Like Page

Andy Hallinan — a new justice fighter who banned Muslims from his shop
Andy Hallinan, a Florida gun shop owner has banned Muslim customers
from his store, He declared his shop a "Muslim-free zone" in response to a
shooting in Chattanooga, where a Kuwait-born terrorist killed five U5
Marines. Hallinan announced his store's new policy sitting against the
Confederate flag. The video posted in Facebook became popular.
What we can say? Hallinan is completely right! If the government cannot
provide our security, then we must do everything possible to provide it. A lot
of Muslims become Islamists, who pose a real threat to our national security.
We consider that it is really dangerous to sell arms to Muslims, as there're a
lot of terrorists among them. The 2nd amendment was written for people, but
it doesn't relieve people of responsibility.

RENT INEIICNN DIESN'1 AN IIS 11WEININT TO NOTECT III

IEACi'~~NIMSEIF
324 Likes 16 Comments 151 Shares
Ii Like

a Comment

A Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002268

