Ad ID 507
Ad Text NAACP wants removal of Confederate generals from Stone Mountain
Three days after the Confederate battle flag was ceremonially removed from
the South Carolina Statehouse grounds in Columbia, Atlanta chapter of the
NAACP officially called for the removal of Stone Mountain's iconic
Confederate Memorial carving.
According to WSB-TV in Atlanta, the organization calls for the removal of all
symbols of the Confederacy from the park, as well as any other state-owned
buildings, parks and lands.
The USA is out of balance now. We loose our history! The gays, lesbians and
trans-sexuals have more rights now then other folks. They bring pervert
culture in our houses as something normal. Today, LGBT community has
turned into the head and everyone else is the tail.
We inherit the history, we make it, and we are fated to become part of it. What
kind of inheritage next generation will get? The rainbow flag that is offensive
and a symbol of hate. Instead of delete a big part of our history, can we ban
the rainbow from public display?
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/patriototus
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Being Patriotic, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Being Patriotic
Ad Impressions 70
Ad Clicks 5
Ad Spend 27.94 RUB
Ad Creation Date 07/16/15 01:40:45 AM PDT
Ad End Date 07/17/15 01:40:45 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002363

Being Patriotic
Sponsored • N

it Like Page

NAACP wants removal of Confederate generals from Stone Mountain
Three days after the Confederate battle flag was ceremonially removed from
the South Carolina Statehouse grounds in Columbia. Atlanta chapter of the
NAACP officially called for the removal of Stone Mountain's iconic
Confederate Memorial carving.
According to WSB-TV in Atlanta, the organization calls for the removal of all
symbols of the Confederacy from the park, as well as any other state-owned
buildings, parks ... See More

7 Likes 11 Comments 5 Shares
Ii Like

* Comment

4 Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002364

