Ad ID 652
Ad Text Homophobic nurse tries to discourage birth mom from allowing gay couple to
adopt child
While the birth mother was resting with the baby, Andy and his partner took a
break from the hospital to get some food. When they returned, they had a
flurry of phone messages from the mother, crying and urging them to get back
soon. A nurse had been questioning her about her decision to let a gay
couple adopt her baby.
"Aren't you afraid those boys are gonna hurt that baby? Aren't you afraid
that he's not gonna grow up and be normal?" asked the nurse.
Excuse me who the hell is she?! This bigot is forcing her views onto the
mother, because she doesn't think the baby would grow up "normal"? A
mother who's making the difficult decision to place her son up for adoption,
and a wonderful couple who wants to raise that child. What the hell right does
the nurse have to try to stop that? I hope they fire her.
I'm happy for the Gay couple on becoming parents!
Ad Landing Page https://www .facebook.com/LGBT-United-839497 472793277 I
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like LGBT United, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to LGBT United
Ad Impressions O
Ad Clicks O
Ad Spend 0.00
Ad Creation Date 07/10/15 05:37:30 AM PDT
Ad End Date 07/12/15 05:37:30 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P( 1 )0000178

-~ LGBT United

---

•' Like Pa.g e

Sponsored· 0

Homophobic nurse tries to discourage birth mom fr.om allowing gay couple to
adopt chi ld

Whi le tihe birth mother was resting witlh the baby, Andy and his partner took a
break from the hospital to get some food . When they returned, they had a
flurry of phone messages from the mother, crying and urging them to get
back soon. A nurse had been questioning heir about her decision to let a gay
couple adopt her oaby.
"Aren't you afraid thoo.'8 boys are gonna hurt that baby? Aren't you afra ...
See Morie

722 Reaciions 52 Comments 126 Shares
• ' Like

•Comment

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

,;+.

Share

P( 1 )0000179

