Ad ID 548
Ad Text The spread of hatred in the American society
On Saturday there were two protests: a Ku Klux Klan rally in South Carolina
and an anti-racism protest. About 2,000 people arrived to South Carolina's
statehouse. Some of them present the KKK's rally against the removal of the
Confederate flag, while others were from the New Black Panther party and
Black Lives matter groups, holding the Republic of New Afrika flag.
It is a very clear signal for the federal government that the protest obtains a
systematic and ideological basis. The Klan wanted to underline the traditional
heritage of the Confederate flag. Black protesters, on the contrary stand
against racism. There were also many anti-racism supporters of other races.
The main problem is hatred which is spread among our society. The
government does nothing to solve the matter. If America is a land of free, we
should clear our country of racism. But on the other hand we shouldn't refuse
our history and our traditions.
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/patriototus
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Being Patriotic, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Being Patriotic
Ad Impressions 12
Ad Clicks 2
Ad Spend 13.98 RUB
Ad Creation Date 07/22/15 05:14:56 AM PDT
Ad End Date 07/24/15 05:14:56 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002420

Being Patriotic

,dr Like Page

Sponsored - 0

The spread of hatred in the American society
On Saturday there were two protests: a Ku Klux Klan rally in South Carolina
and an anti-racism protest, About 2,000 people arrived to South Carolina's
statehouse. Some of them present the KKK's rally against the removal of the
Confederate flag, while others were from the New Black Panther party and
Black Lives matter groups, holding the Republic of New Afrika flag.
It is a very clear signal for the federal government that the prote... See More

17 Likes 7 Gomments 7 Shares
1dr Like

* Comment

A Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002421

