Ad ID 131
Ad Text Made In The US: The Justice Turns lnto Business

For years, inmates with non-violent felonies and misdemeanor Charges in
New York City had to sit in Rikers Island for months awaiting trial, 'Cause they
couldn’t afford to pay bail.

Under the City’s new bail initiative announced by Mayor Bill de Blasio last
week, some 3,000 low-level offenders are eligible for release without bail. The
system needs serious reform. According to the New York Police Department,
the biggest part of arrests are low-level offenses like peeing on the street or
disorderly conduct.

The New York Daily News reports that 81 percent of the 7.3 million people hit
with summonses between 2001 and 2013 were black and Hispanic. So what
should we do?

The criminal penal system is antiquated. It should be Changed. The worse, it
is now designed to be for profit which has led to laws being designed to keep
people in prison, rather than rehabilitating. More and more it looks like it's a
business.

The first rule of any society is development. At such rate the US government
will start to sell indulgences soon.

Our system is not only unfair, but also corrupt! We should explore alternative
solutions and limit the number of people in prison to the most violent and
potentially dangerous offenders. Only real criminals should be in jail!

Lemme ask you, have you ever seen a one of the tobacco industry executives
go to jail? I guess no. We also have never seen the Bush or any other
Presidents administrations were brought to justice.

America has a justice system that was supplanted the Jim Crow laws as a
means to keep the minorities from developing real opportunities for keeping
the very rich from ever being brought to justice.

Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/BlaCk-Matters-1579673598947501/

Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States: Baltimore Maryland; Ferguson, St. Louis
Missouri; Cleveland Ohio
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Black Matters, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Black Matters

Ad Impressions 1,426
Ad Clicks 109
Ad Spend 364.87 RUB

P(1)0001918

