Ad ID 641
Ad Text FEMALE SOCCER PLAYERS GET MARRIED, HAVE PERFECT MESSAGE
FOR HATERS!
Meet professional soccer players Erin McLeod and Ella Masar, who play for
Houston Dash in the National Women's Soccer League. The long-time
partners married this week; just days after the end of the Women's World
Cup.
Along with sincere congratulations, the couple also received plenty of
negative messages; from people who didn't think two women should get
married.
Masar had this perfect message for those people. In spite of all their hatred
her message is full of love because love wins despite any obstacles:
"Thank you for praying for me and reinforcing my own prayers because as
you pray, "Lord please help Ella, allow her to see her sin for loving that
woman, for respecting her, being faithful, honoring her, etc ..." Know I am
saying the same thing; "my Heavenly Father, thank you for allowing me find
my better half; for finding someone that strengthens my faith and allows me to
be the person I always imagined. Thank you for teaching me what truly loving
someone and others is all about. amen."
Congratulations, you two! We hope you both have a full and wonderful life
together!
#Igbt #lovewins #MarriageEquality #lesbians
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/LGBT-United-839497472793277/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like LGBT United, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to LGBT United
Ad Impressions 1.469
Ad Clicks 194
Ad Spend 287.34 RUB
Ad Creation Date 07/15/15 08:27:06 AM PDT
Ad End Date 07/16/15 08:27:05 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002561

LGBT Unfted added 2 new photos
Sponsored - ij

Jr Like Page

FEMALE SOCCER PLAYERS GET MARRIED, HAVE PERFECT MESSAGE
FOR HATERS!
Meet professional soccer players Erin McLeod and Ella Masar, who play for
Houston Dash in the National Women's Soccer League. The long-time
partners married this week; just days after the end of the Women's World
Cup.
Along with sincere congratulations, the couple also received plenty of
negative messages, from people who didn't think Nvo women should get
married.... See More

254 Likes 2 Cornrnents 19 Shares
Ii Like

* Comment

I► Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002562

