Ad ID 510
Ad Text A terrorist attack was conducted at two U.S. military sites in Chattanooga
Mohammad Youssef Abdulazeez was shot and killed by police after he
attacked two military sites in Chattanooga, Tennessee and killed four U.S.
Marines at the Navy Operational Support Center and Marine Corps Reserve
Center. Authorities say a man was a practicing Muslim. At present FBI is
conducting an investigation. According to his beliefs, Mohammad was a
fundamental Islamist. Having examined after his death his social pages, FBI
has found that he kept a blog and had a note where he said that he
conducted a terrorist act in obedience to Allah. It is notable that the terrorist
attack was conducted in the last day of Ramadan. It is noteworthy that in his
letter the terrorist didn't refer to ISIS or AI-Qaeda; he acted in his own
volition.
We don't want to stir up Islamophobia, but if such manifestations of Islam
have place, it is very sorrowful for the United States. The situation in the
Middle East and the extensive propaganda of ISIS make ordinary Muslims to
become radical Islamists and take the path of war and death. If people on
their own commit such attacks, the American society must take it more
seriously. The society should develop a new behavioral model towards Islam,
according to which, on the one hand Muslims and Christians will live
comfortable together. And on the other hand, Muslims won't tend to radical
activities and the destruction of peaceful life of Americans.
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/patriototus
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Being Patriotic, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Being Patriotic
Ad Impressions 1,423
Ad Clicks 172
Ad Spend 300.00 RUB
Ad Creation Date 07/17/15 07:27:18 AM PDT
Ad End Date 07/19/15 07:27:17 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002369

Being Patriotic
Sponsored - 0

Ilk Like Page

A terrorist attack was conducted at two U.S. military sites in Chattanooga
Mohammad Youssef Abdulazeez was shot and killed by police after he
attacked two military sites in Chattanooga. Tennessee and killed four U.S,
Marines at the Navy Operational Support Center and Marine Corps Reserve
Center. Authorities say a man was a practicing Muslim. At present FBI is
conducting an investigation. According to his beliefs, Mohammad was a
fundamental Islamist. Having examined after his... See More

CHATTANOOGA GUNMAN
AND.KILLED
21 Likes 2 Comments 12 Shares
Ii Like

* Comment

A Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002370

