Ad ID 549
Ad Text The U.S. flag hasn't been lowered in honor of the murdered Marines
Monday morning, July 20, the US flag continued to fly at the top of the White
House and the US capitol building despite the fact that a gunman killed five
US Marines in Chattanooga, Tenn. President Obama hasn't ordered to lower
a flag, though a federal law states that the flag shall be flown at half-staff upon
the deaths of principal figures or the governor can lower the US flag in his or
her state following the deaths of officials or members of the US Army. By
contrast, Obama ordered the flags to half-staff following on the same day that
as the shootings at the Sandy Hook Elementary School. The flag was lowered
to half-staff the day following the terrorist attack during the Boston marathon,
the shooting at the Washington Navy Yard and the following the death of
Nelson Mandela. But it hasn't yet been lowered in honor of the service
members murdered in Tennessee.
By doing so Obama shows the highest degree of disrespect for the fallen
soldiers. It turns out that for him the soldiers as well as veterans do not
deserve any attention or respect. Soldiers are needed only when it is
necessary to send them to the next unknown operation. They considered as
meat. But in reality, they are our heroes! They were victims of a terrorist
attack. They were victims of a man who at first won refugee status and then
decided to kill in the name of Allah.
In general during the Obama presidency the country was divided in many
ways: racism became more evident, the number of illegal immigrants, who do
not even bother to learn English, because it's enough to speak Spanish, has
increased.
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/patriototus
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Being Patriotic, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Being Patriotic
Ad Impressions 22
Ad Clicks 8
Ad Spend 6.76 RUB
Ad Creation Date 07/21/15 07:21:41 AM PDT
Ad End Date 07/23/15 07:21:40 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002422

Being Patriotic

1dr Like Page

Sponsored - 0

The U.S. flag hasn't been lowered in honor of the murdered Marines
Monday morning, July 20, the US flag continued to fly at the top of the White
House and the US capitol building despite the fact that a gunman killed five
US Marines in Chattanooga, Tenn. President Obama hasn't ordered to lower
a flag, though a federal law states that the flag shall be flown at half-staff
upon the deaths of principal figures or the governor can lower the US flag in
his or her state following ... See More

d,_

' OBOE
TO HALF MAST FOR
NEWTOWN,
BUT NOT 5 MILITARY
PERSONNEL
MURDERED IN TENN

Ii Like

* Comment

A Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence
P(1)0002423

