Ad ID 636
Ad Text Oh God! Just remember: you know you're doing something right when all the
bigots and racist idiots are angry with you...
For decades, conservative Christians who oppose LGBT equality have
singled out the federal government or secular atheists as their preferred
enemy in public settings, blasting both groups for supposedly attacking
"traditional marriage" or infringing on their religious liberty.
Yet in the months surrounding the recent U.S. Supreme Court decision to
legalize same-sex marriage across the country, right-wing Christians have
become increasingly willing to cast blame — seemingly hypocritically — on a
group they have often dismissed or outright ignored: Progressive Christians,
especially those who support marriage equality.
I believe religions should teach love, they must stop teaching hatred! And
noticed while progressive Christians are constantly under attack from
conservative Christians, they're not the ones screaming "persecution". They
are just tired of the persecution.
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/LGBT-United-839497472793277/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like LGBT United, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to LGBT United
Ad Impressions 379
Ad Clicks 39
Ad Spend 93.02 RUB
Ad Creation Date 07/22/15 07:45:15 AM PDT
Ad End Date 07/24/15 07:45:15 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002555

,dr

LGBT United
Sponsored • 0

Like Page

Oh God! Just remember: you know you're doing something right when all the
bigots and racist idiots are angry with you...
For decades, conservative Christians who oppose LGBT equality have
singled out the federal government or secular atheists as their preferred
enemy in public settings, blasting both groups for supposedly attacking
"traditional marriage" or infringing on their religious liberty.
Yet in the months surrounding the recent U.S. Supreme Court decision to
legalize... See More

A

E1

RELIGIOUS FREEDOM
FREE to be Catholic, Islamic, Satanic, Atheist, Wiccan,
Presbyterian, Buddhist, Christian, Agnostic, etc.
I► j

Freedom to choose and worship, or not, how you wish.

NOT force yoUr beliefs on others
NOT criminalize the beliefs of others
NOT den the same ri • hts and freedoms that YOU en'o
96 Likes 4 Comments 56 Shares

ilk

Like

* Comment

,v► Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002556

