Ad ID 2854
Ad Text Somali-American model Halima Aden is breaking all the records and people
mind's as she slaying her hijab on the runway and the beauty pageant. She
became the first hijab-wearing model on IMG's books. Aden was born in a
Kenyan refugee camp and move to America with her family when she was sixyears-old. She came through a lot and became a star. proving the very simple
statement "If you want something; you can achieve it".
Her success is important not only because she overcame her past and
became successful, but also because she is making the statement to all the
haters in this country. Black girls can do anything!
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/PanAfrootsmove/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Excluded Connections: Exclude people who like Pan-African roots MOVE
Age: 18 - 65+
Language: English (UK) or English (US)
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: Interests: Martin Luther King, Jr., Black history. AfricanAmerican Civil Rights Movement(1954-68), African-American history,
Malcolm X or Black (Color)
Ad Impressions 134
Ad Clicks 8
Ad Spend 20.00 RUB
Ad Creation Date 04/14/17 12:02:43 AM PDT
Ad End Date 04/15/17 12:02:43 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0001081

Pan-African roots MOVE

jr Like Page

Sponsored - 4~

Somali-American model Halima Aden is breaking all the records and people
mind's as she slaying her hijab on the runway and the beauty pageant. She
became the first hijab-wearing model on IMG's books. Aden was born in a
Kenyan refugee camp and move to America with her family when she was
six-years-old. She came through a lot and became a star, proving the very
simple statement "If you want something, you can achieve it".
Her success is important not only because she overcame her past and
became successful, but also because she is making the statement to all the
haters in this country. Black girls can do anything!

The hijab-wearing Yeezy model is blazing a
path for young Muslim women everywhere.
#biackexcellence

PAN-AFRICAN ROOTS MOVE
27 Reactions 7 Shares
11111 Like

* Comment

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

of Share

P(1)0001082

