Ad ID 2515
Ad Text Your voices matter!
We are looking for the authors. Your opinions will be published!
In our work we have discovered that many Kings and Queens were silenced
and had no opportunity to voice their concerns and opinions. But today, we
want to give you this opportunity. We want America to know what bothers you
as a member of the Black community. We are ready to publish your articles
and your opinions. Plus; it's a good chance for you to be a part of our team
that is interested in educating African Americans and making real changes:
If you have something to say or you have good writing skills or you care about
Black Lives, please DM us and become the part of our team.
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/blackmattersus.mvmntl
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Interests: Martin Luther King, Jr., African-American Civil Rights Movement
(1954-68), African-American history, Malcolm X or Black (Color)
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Ad Impressions 0
Ad Clicks 0
Ad Spend None
Ad Creation Date 10/21/16 08:42:25 AM PDT
Ad End Date 10/19/16 05:35:39 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0004979

BM

ilk Like Page

Sponsored • 0
Your voices matter!
We are looking for the authors. Your opinions will be published!
In our work we have discovered that many Kings and Queens were silenced
and had no opportunity to voice their concerns and opinions. But today, we
want to give you this opportunity. We want America to know what bothers
you as a member of the Black community. We are ready to publish your
articles and your opinions. Plus, it's a good chance for you to be a part of
our team that is interested in... See More

YOUR VOICES MATTER
p

N~
.
40

BM

IS LOOKING ~
FOR THE AUTHORS!
52 Reactions 5 Comments 15 Shares
ilk Like

* Comment

o* Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0004980

