Ad ID 3280
Ad Text Before he became a lawyer and prolific supporter of prisoner rights, Daniel
Manville spent three years and four months in the slammer for manslaughter.
Manville continued to study while incarcerated and eventually earned two
college degrees during his sentence. He became enamored with the legal
profession and went to law school right after his parole.
He finally passed the bar exams in Michigan and Washington, DC after
waiting many years to be approved by the respective boards. Afterwards,
Manville worked tirelessly to improve the prison system and represented
various inmates and prison guards in civil cases. Nowadays, Manville teaches
law at Michigan State University, where he hopes the insights he shares with
students inspire them to someday help improve the system as well.
—ListVerse-r
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/Hell_and_Back-1806743482876111/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: Interests: Innocence Project or Prison reform
Ad Impressions 314
Ad Clicks 20
Ad Spend 200.00 RUB
Ad Creation Date 12/29/16 03:04:19 AM PST
Ad End Date 12/30/16 03:04:19 AM PST

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0005887

Hell_and —Back
Sponsored

ch

Like Page

o4+

Before he became a lawyer and prolific supporter of prisoner rights, Daniel
Manville spent three years and four months in the slarnmer for
manslaughter. Manville continued to study while incarcerated and eventually
earned two college degrees during his sentence. He became enamored with
the legal profession and went to law school right after his parole.
He finally passed the bar exams in Michigan and Washington, DC after
waiting many years to be approved by the respective boards. Afterwards,
Manville worked tirelessly to improve the prison system and represented
various inmates and prison guards in civil cases. Nowadays, Manville
teaches law at Michigan State University, where he hopes the insights he
shares with students inspire them to someday help improve the system as
well. —ListVerse-

16 Reactions 1 Comment 4 Shares
i` Like

* Comment

A Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0005888

