Ad ID 826
Ad Text It is so disheartening knowing that people are put behind bars because they
failed to settle a fine. Most people are jailed because one way or the other
there was no money to do what was necessary at a particular time even
though they were innocent. Prosecutors have developed this platform as a
gold mine, extracting huge sum of money from civilians. You can be put
behind bars if you fail to comply with the demands. Suddenly one's life
becomes tattered when jail comes in, because there is no freedom of making
a better living. Federal prosecutors should shake up and hold judges and all
these people who take advantages of people by making them pay huge sums
of money or put someone behind bars because he/she couldn't pay a fine.
Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnViIliamsandKalvin
Subscribe to my YouTube Channel:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg
Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.comnVilliams8kalvin
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.comnWiI liam sKalvin-788980617892144/
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Excluded Connections: Exclude people who like Williams&Kalvin
Age: 18 - 51
Language: English (UK)or English (US)
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Exclude: Behaviors: Hispanic(US - All), Hispanic(US - Spanish dominant),
Hispanic(US - English dominant), Hispanic(US - Bilingual: English and
Spanish) or Asian American (US)
People Who Match: Interests: National Museum of American History, Maya
Angelou, Mumia Abu-Jamal, The Raw Story or mother jones, Behaviors:
African American (US)
Ad Impressions 0
Ad Clicks 0
Ad Spend None
Ad Creation Date 03/24/16 06:22:02 AM PDT
Ad End Date 03/25/16 06:22:01 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0001495

Williams&Kaivin
WEK Sponsored - 0
V T`

Ar Like Page

It is so disheartening knowing that people are put behind bars because they
failed to settle a fine. Most people are jailed because one way or the other
there was no money to do what was necessary at a particular time even
though they were innocent. Prosecutors have developed this platform as a
gold mine, extracting huge sum of money from civilians. You can be put
behind bars if you fail to comply with the demands. Suddenly one's life
becomes tattered when jail comes in, beca... See More

3 Reactions 1 Share
liliff Like

* Comment

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

A Share

P(1)0001496

