Ad ID 902
Ad Text Expecting mother includes late husband in maternity photo shoot
Through the struggles and pains of losing a dear husband. Nicole Bennett has
built courage to take maternity photos with her 4-year-old son. She added old
photos of late husband Deonta, but they were slightly faded to appear as a
spirit — a symbol of hope that he watches over them.
She also did this as a memorial for her unborn daughter who is due March 25.
We commend her for her boldness and we hope that she finds solace in these
photos.
#NicoleBernett #Maternityphotoswithlatehusband
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/VWIIiamsandKalvin/
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Excluded Connections: Exclude people who like Williams&Kalvin
Age: 18 - 51
Language: English (UK) or English (US)
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Exclude: Behaviors: Hispanic(US -All), Hispanic(US - Spanish dominant),
Hispanic(US - English dominant), Hispanic(US - Bilingual: English and
Spanish) or Asian American (US)
People Who Match: Interests: National Museum of American History, Maya
Angelou, Mumia Abu-Jamal, The Raw Story or motherjones. Behaviors:
African American (US)
Ad Impressions 8
Ad Clicks 1
Ad Spend 2.15 RUB
Ad Creation Date 03/10/16 01:29:38 AM PST
Ad End Date 03/11/16 01:29:38 AM PST

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0001395

Williams&Kalvin
WEN Sponsored - 0

Ilk Like Page

Expecting mother includes late husband in maternity photo shoot
Through the struggles and pains of losing a dear husband, Nicole Bennett
has built courage to take maternity photos with her 4-year-old son. She
added old photos of late husband Deonta, but they were slightly faded to
appear as a spirit — a symbol of hope that he watches over them.
She also did this as a memorial for her unborn daughter who is due March
25. We commend her for her boldness and we hope that she finds solace in
these photos.
#NicoleBernett #Materni typ hotoswithlatehusb and

- Mother
..
hushand'in
typhoto shoot.
includes late

Exoectant

Martern

5 Lukes 1 Share
16 Like

* Comment

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

A Share

P(1)0001396

