Ad ID 842
Ad Text A young black guy who was mentally disabled decided to end his life, but will
only do that by making the cops kill him. This is absolutely insane in the
highest order. He took a gun and ordered his other two brothers to take a
video of the whole incident. Michael Ford, at the police vicinity opened fire
and got the cop's attention. The filming was still in process as he
commanded. The first cops who appeared fired back and almost immediately
ended up drawing fire. He gave the other officer a chance to get into position
when he opened fire. It's quite not understandable why his own cop shot him
and shot the mentality ill man too. This is a good example of sick reality too. Is
there any explanation why cops have started shooting each other?
Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnViIliamsandKalvin
Subscribe to my YouTube Channel:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg
Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.comnVilliams8kalvin
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/WiIIiamsandKaIvin/
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Excluded Connections: Exclude people who like Williams&Kalvin
Age: 18 - 51
Language: English (UK)or English (US)
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Exclude: Behaviors: Hispanic(US - All), Hispanic(US - Spanish dominant),
Hispanic(US - English dominant), Hispanic(US - Bilingual: English and
Spanish) or Asian American (US)
People Who Match: Interests: National Museum of American History, Maya
Angelou, Mumia Abu-Jamal, The Raw Story or mother jones, Behaviors:
African American (US)
Ad Impressions 5,392
Ad Clicks 438
Ad Spend 763.95 RUB
Ad Creation Date 03/17/16 05:33:38 AM PDT
Ad End Date 03/20/16 05:33:37 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0001515

Williams&IKalvin
WEN Sponsored - 0

lir Like Page

A young black guy who was mentally disabled decided to end his life, but will
only do that by making the cops kill him. This is absolutely insane in the
highest order. He took a gun and ordered his other two brothers to take a
video of the whole incident. Michael Ford, at the police vicinity opened fire
and got the cop's attention. The filming was still in process as he
commanded. The first cops who appeared fired back and almost
immediately ended up drawing fire. He gave the... See More

2 Likes 3 Shares
ii Like

1p Comment

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

A Share

P(1)0001516

