Ad ID 901
Ad Text An amount of $840K was donated to the family of the deceased James
Anderson. Are they fucking kidding us? For them it's enough and wealth it,
but to the family of Anderson it's not better than the life taken. These guys
should pay a death penalty for taking a life. This is a racial act. Report says
between hits; they screamed; `White power!' before Dedmon ran him over.
causing fatal injuries. There is no particular reason for whatever they did so
America shouldn't think they have done something much greater. `Money
cannot buy life,' that is what Bob Nesta Marley said and he is absolutely
right.
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/WiIIiamsandKalvin/
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Williams&Kalvin, Friends of connections.
Friends of people who are connected to Williams&Kalvin
Ad Impressions 0
Ad Clicks 0
Ad Spend None
Ad Creation Date 03/10/16 01:28:25 AM PST
Ad End Date 03/12/16 01:28:25 AM PST

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0001577

Williams&Kelvin
YWEN Sponsored ik~
IW'

Ilk

Like Page

An amount of S840K was donated to the family of the deceased James
Anderson. Are they fucking kidding us? For them it's enough and wealth it,
but to the family of Anderson it's not better than the life taken. These guys
should pay a death penalty for taking a life. This is a racial act. Report says
between hits, they screamed, "White power!" before Dedmon ran him over,
causing fatal injuries. There is no particular reason for whatever they did so
America shouldn't think they have done something much greater. "Money
cannot buy life," that is what Bob Nesta Marley said and he is absolutely
right.

1`

Like

* Comment

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

I# Share

P(1)0001578

