Ad ID 837
Ad Text Questions about why police shot and critically wounded a 17-year-old Somali
refugee in Salt Lake City grew Monday as civil rights groups called for
answers and several hundred protesters took the streets holdings signs that
read, "Stop killer cops." It's very insane when those who are to protect us
have turned into serial killers. The most annoying part is that they have
refused to release the footage video. They need retraining. Whatever
happened to Tasers? Whatever to rubber bullets? Whatever happened to
shooting shots in the sky as a warning? Why are police wearing body cam
and we can't see it? If they're right, let's see it.
Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnViIliamsandKalvin
Subscribe to my YouTube Channel:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg
Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.comnViIIiamsandKaIvin/
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Excluded Connections: Exclude people who like Williams&Kalvin
Age: 18 - 51
Language: English (UK)or English (US)
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Exclude: Multicultural Affinity: Hispanic(US -All), Hispanic(US - Spanish
dominant), Hispanic(US - English dominant), Hispanic(US - Bilingual) or
Asian American (US)
People Who Match: Interests: National Museum of American History, Stop
Racism!!, Malcolm X Memorial Foundation, Maya Angelou, Mumia AbuJamal, The Raw Story or mother jones, Multicultural Affinity: African American
(US)
Ad Impressions 2,801
Ad Clicks 12
Ad Spend 200.00 RUB
Ad Creation Date 03/10/16 01:28:08 AM PST
Ad End Date 03/12/16 01:28:07 AM PST

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0001509

Williams&Kalvin
WEN Sponsored • 0

Ar Like Page

Questions about why police shot and criticaky wounded a 17-year-old
Somali refugee in Salt Lake City grew Monday as civil rights groups called
for answers and several hundred protesters took the streets holdings signs
that read,"Stop killer cops." It's very insane when those who are to protect
us have turned into serial killers. The most annoying part is that they have
refused to release the footage video. They need retraining. Whatever
happened to Tasers? Whatever to rubbe... Sup: Murp

comment

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

A Share

P(1)0001510

