Ad ID 1610
Ad Text Religious leaders joined local organizations in rallying support for two men
who said they were attacked outside a convenience store this weekend in
what police are investigating as a possible hate crime.
Authorities are reviewing surveillance video of the reported attack, which
occurred shortly after 3 a.m. Saturday at the Kwik Shop at 4820 E. 21 st St.
That's just northeast of the Wichita State University campus.
One of the victims was Khondonkor Usama, Muslim 23, the second victim, is
a 19-year-old student who has chosen to remain anonymous.
They were getting gas and snacks at about 3 a.m. Saturday when they
noticed a man shouting at someone who had apparently asked him for gas
money.
When the suspect began using racial slurs against the man who asked him
for money, one of the students attempted to intervene.
The attacker then turned his wrath on the two students, stopping his
motorcycle in front of Usama's car and approaching Usama's friend, who
had gotten out of the car.
The suspect called his friend "brown trash" and told him he had to "leave this
country,"
According to Usama's account, his friend responded: "This is my country.
Who the hell are you to tell me to leave?"
The incident "escalated really quick," with the suspect attempting to punch
his friend, Usama said. When he attempted to break up the fight, Usama said
he was assaulted and knocked down.
He called 911, and as he was on the phone the attacker rode circles around
the two students, chanting "Trump! Trump! Trump!" and screaming, "We'll
make America great again! We'll throw you out of the wall!"
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/MuslimAmerica/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like United Muslims of America, Friends of
connections: Friends of people who are connected to United Muslims of
America
Ad Impressions 380
Ad Clicks 58
Ad Spend 100.00 RUB

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0003648

Ad Creation Date 03/17/16 04:21:38 AM PDT
Ad End Date 03/18/16 04:21:37 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0003649

United Muslims of America

lip Like Page

Sponsored - 4

Religious leaders joined local organizations in rallying support for two men
who said they were attacked outside a convenience store this weekend in
what police are investigating as a possible hate crime.
Authorities are reviewing surveillance video of the reported attack, which
occurred shortly after 3 a.m. Saturday at the Kwik Shop at 4820 E. 21 st St.
That's just northeast of the Wichita State University campus.
One of the victims was Khondonkor Usama, Muslim 23, the second...
SEE

T=% ,VZ
\l
_T

possible hate crime-'-./
near Wichita State
28 Reactions 3 Comments 6 Share=_.
Ilk Like

* Comment

A Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0003650

