Ad ID 1640
Ad Text An Open Letter to Hillary Clinton:
Dear Mrs. Clinton,
We are trying not to be political, but the current presidential elections and the
rise of hate against Muslims made us realize that it is time to stand and let our
voices be heard.
We know that you defend American Muslims now in your presidential
campaign, but did you support us before campaign?
We didn't forget who supported the war in Iraq, we are Muslims and
Americans, so we know your support to invade Iraq in 2003 have caused
hundreds of American soldiers to die hundreds of miles away from their
homes, and also millions of Iraqi Muslims, including innocent men, women
and children, to die in their homes, and for what?
Libya! You supported bombing and destroying the whole country just to kill AIGaddafi. You said in an interview: "We came, we saw, he died". Let's not
forget about Benghazi, where you declined to increase the embassy security,
and that caused the death of the U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens
and U.S. Foreign Service Information Management Officer Sean Smith and
CIA contractors Tyrone S. Woods and Glen Doherty and Ten others were
also injured in the attacks.
You killed Saddam Hussein and AI-Gaddafi in Iraq and Lybia leaving the
countries there in chaos, which led to the birth of ISIS, which is now a threat
not only to the U.S. but the whole world!
You are supporting gun control, disarming the American citizens and at the
same time selling weapons to groups in the Middle East to fight their leaders,
creating on the short run terrorist groups as we saw in Libya, Iraq,
Afghanistan and Syria.
8 years ago you were against refugees, but now you support them. 10 years
ago you were against same sex marriage, but now you support it. You change
your views very fast. You speak as a democrat and act as a republican. Sorry,
but you can not be our representer, you can not be the president of the United
States.
Sincerely,
United Muslims of America
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/MuslimAmerica/
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Interests: Humans of New York
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0003699

Ad Impressions 19,055
Ad Clicks 2,445
Ad Spend 5,500.00 RUB
Ad Creation Date 03/18/16 07:59:40 AM PDT
Ad End Date 03/21/16 07:59:39 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0003700

~L 4~-a

United Muslims of America

lb

Like Page

Sponsored • 0
An Open Letter to Hillary Clinton:

Dear Mrs. Clinton,
We are trying not to be political, but the current presidential elections and the
rise of hate against Muslims made us realize that it is time to stand and let
our voices be heard.... See More

177 Reactions 27 Comments 63 Shares

1111

Like

* Comment

of Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0003701

