Ad ID 538
Ad Text The former secretary of state's chain of lies continues and seems like not
going to end. This Tuesday Hillary Clinton dared to state we have no
immigration crisis and things are just fine with invader policy. "I think we've
done a really good job securing the border," she declared.
Well, that's her strategy — keep lying over and over until all her words
become true (which is never). Or maybe by "good job" she meant Obama's
Government provided Hillary's sponsors like Wall-Mart Corporation with lowpaid illegal workers?
If one day God lets this liar enter the White House as a president — that day
would be a real national tragedy.
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/patriototus/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Being Patriotic, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Being Patriotic
Ad Impressions 11
Ad Clicks 3
Ad Spend 13.41 RUB
Ad Creation Date 03/18/16 07:30:48 AM PDT
Ad End Date 03/19/16 07:30:47 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002402

Being Patriotic
Sponsored - 0

,i Like Page

The former secretary of state's chain of lies continues and seems like not
going to end. This Tuesday Hillary Clinton dared to state we have no
immigration crisis and things are just fine with invader policy. "I think we've
done a really good job securing the border," she declared.
Well, that's her strategy - keep lying over and over until all her words
become true (which is never). Or maybe by "good job" she meant Obama's
Government provided Hillary's sponsors like Wall-Mart Corporation with lowpaid illegal workers?
If one day God lets this liar enter the White House as a president - that day
would be a real national tragedy.

LIKE IF YOU AGREE A LIAR CAN'T

BECOMEAo,R1111 i ENT
3.1 K Reactions 206 Comments 794 Shares
1` Like

* Comment

A Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002403

