Ad ID 537
Ad Text The liberal mass media tried to overblow a story about the KKK's
endorsement of Trump. They claimed Donald is supported by David Duke and
"white supremacists". The journalists are trying to depict Trump as a racist
and continue their attempts even after Trump officially declared "I don't know
anything about David Duke... You're asking me a question that I'm supposed
to be talking people I know nothing about."
However, "for some reasons" the same mass media in their revelation
campaign forgot to mention Hillary Clinton's ties to Robert Byrd, a former
KKK leader. Hillary described him as a man of "surpassing eloquence and
nobility". In 2010 after Byrd died she released a tribute video saying "It is
almost impossible to imagine the United States Senate without Robert Byrd.
He was not just its longest-serving member; he was its heart, its soul, and its
historian. From my first day in the Senate, I sought out his guidance, and he
was always generous with his time and his wisdom. I admired his tireless
advocacy for his West Virginia constituents, his fierce defense of the
Constitution, and the traditions of the Senate, and his passion for a
government that improves the lives of the people it serves."
So here the mass media give us an political paradox: a Republican candidate
can't be endorsed by a former KKK member, but a Democrat can easily show
her respect and honor to a former racist leader without being judged for that.
Isn't that a little hypocritical?
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.com/patriototus/
Ad Targeting Location - Living In: United States
Age: 18 - 65+
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
People Who Match: People who like Being Patriotic, Friends of connections:
Friends of people who are connected to Being Patriotic
Ad Impressions 1,775
Ad Clicks 334
Ad Spend 351.61 RUB
Ad Creation Date 03/18/16 07:33:45 AM PDT
Ad End Date 03/21/16 07:33:45 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002400

WV

Being Patriotic
Sponsored - 0

Ii

Like Page

The liberal mass media tried to overblow a story about the KKK's
endorsement of Trump. They claimed Donald is supported by David Duke
and "white supremacists". The journalists are trying to depict Trump as a
racist and continue their attempts even after Trump officially declared "I don't
know anything about David Duke... You're asking me a question that I'm
supposed to be talking people I know nothing about."
However, "for some reasons" the same mass media in their revela...
See Pv1r_ r

.Hillary's mentor and` h!Rt d, Senator
A former leader of the h
412 Reactions 43 Comments 505 Shares
Ilk Like

* Comment

A Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0002401

