Ad ID 830
Ad Text Ku Klux Klan is a movement in the United States that have advocated through
terrorism for white supremacy, white nationalism and anti-immigration. They
normally aimed at groups whom they opposed. The Klan held an antiimmigration rally on Saturday. They got surrounded by group of protestors
who beat and kicked them violently. On Monday evening, a crowd of civil right
protesters gathered for a vigil against Ku Klux Klan. It was a march where the
protesters carried signs that had the inscription "Power through Peace". This
march was an intended peaceful march which was meant to bring peace and
unity.
Subscribe to my Channel:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg
Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.comNViIIiamsandKaIvin/
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Age: 18 - 54
Language: English (UK)or English (US)
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Exclude: Behaviors: Hispanic(US - All), Hispanic(US - Spanish dominant),
Hispanic(US - English dominant), Hispanic(US - Bilingual: English and
Spanish) or Asian American (US)
People Who Match: Behaviors: African American (US)
And Must Also Match: Interests: BlackNews.com, HuffPost Politics or
HuffPost Black Voices
Ad Impressions 4,234
Ad Clicks 416
Ad Spend 533.47 RUB
Ad Creation Date 03/11/16 12:38:58 AM PST
Ad End Date 03/13/16 12:38:57 AM PST

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0001501

Williams&Kelvin
IWEN
itSponsored ik~

Ilk

Like Page

Ku Klux Klan is a movement in the United States that have advocated
through terrorism for white supremacy, white nationalism and antiimmigration. They normally aimed at groups whom they opposed, The Klan
held an anti-immigration rally on Saturday. They got surrounded by group of
protestors who beat and kicked them violently. On Monday evening, a crowd
of civil right protesters gathered for a vigil against Ku Klux Klan. It was a
march where the protesters carried signs that had the inscription "Power
through Peace". This march was an intended peaceful march which was
meant to bring peace and unity.
Subscribe to my Channel:
https://www.youIube.corn/channeIIUCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg
Follow me on Twitter: https:lltwitter.com/Williams8kalvin

17 Likes 1 Comment 12 Shares
idr Like

* Comment

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

A Share

P(1)0001502

