Ad ID 78
Ad Text Black Community! We finally made a website! News about black racial and
social issues. Get breaking news and analysis on the life of African American
community in the US. Black Matters Chicago IPRA Finally Gets Dashcam
Video Of Darius Pinex Shooting It took over five years for the IPRA to get the
key evidence in the fatal police shooting of a black Chicago man committed in
2011. Orlando Nightclub Massacre And The Race Factor Orlando tragedy
shed light on how hate and terrorism can destroy innocent lives within a
matter of seconds. Pepper-Sprayed Victim Donates $100K Settlement To
Social Justice A Seattle high school history teacher Jesse Hagopian, peppersprayed by police, says he'll donate the $100K settlement to help movement
for justice. NYPD Cop Pulls A Gun On Black Cyclist In Fender-Bender A
21-year-old black cyclist plans to sue a white NYPD police officer for
threatening his life by pointing a gun at him during a fender-bender. Black
Matters
Ad Landing Page https:Hblackmattersus.com/
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Friends of connections: Friends of people who are connected to Black Matters
Age: 18 - 54
Language: English (UK)or English (US)
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers, Third-party Apps and
Websites on mobile devices or News Feed on mobile devices
People Who Match: Behaviors: African American (US)
And Must Also Match: Interests: BlackNews.com or HuffPost Black Voices
Ad Impressions 44,405
Ad Clicks 1,739
Ad Spend 5,940.92 RUB
Ad Creation Date 06/16/16 01:32:37 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0001842

Black Matters

jr Like Page

Sponsored - t4~

Black Community! We finally made a website! News about black racial and
social issues,

Chicago IPRA Finally Gets
Dashcam Video Of Darius Pinex...

Learn More

t L a- aver five years `or the IPRA...

Orlando Nightclub Massacre A
The Race Factor
Orla-do tragedy s-ied light on he

249 Reactions 1 Comment 54 Shares

1111 Like

* Comment

A Share

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0001843

