Ad ID 852
Ad Text All people have to understand that the police service is exactly like a secret
gay club, the reason being that no one knows what goes on inside there even
if it's evident. There's a kind of code of silence, even if you saw something or
just know something about other police officer, you keep silence about it. But
if you are in a member of a club, you can be sure that no one will ever let your
secrets out. Statistically, 46% of cops admit to witnessing misconduct by other
cops! Also, 73 % of the individuals pressuring officers to keep quiet about the
misconduct are leaders. 8% of the officers who admitted to intentionally
withholding the information about officer misconduct were upper
administrators. Cops will always lie to suit interaction or conversation. Sadly
enough,"Sworn officer of the court" is most likely to lie than the citizen he is
even accusing. So, the lie is a norm for the officers who are keeping the code
of silence, and it's a miracle if a police officer tells the truth.
Subscribe to our channel:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg
Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnViIliamsandKalvin
Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin
Ad Landing Page https://www.facebook.comNVilliamsKalvin-788980617892144/
Ad Targeting Location: United States
Excluded Connections: Exclude people who like Williams&Kalvin
Age: 18 - 51
Language: English (UK)or English (US)
Placements: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
devices
Exclude: Behaviors: Hispanic(US - All), Hispanic(US - Spanish dominant),
Hispanic(US - English dominant), Hispanic(US - Bilingual: English and
Spanish) or Asian American (US)
People Who Match: Interests: National Museum of American History, Maya
Angelou, Mumia Abu-Jamal, The Raw Story or mother jones, Behaviors:
African American (US)
Ad Impressions 13,716
Ad Clicks 727
Ad Spend 1,000.00 RUB
Ad Creation Date 06/07/16 01:29:37 AM PDT
Ad End Date 06/08/16 01:29:36 AM PDT

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

P(1)0001527

WER
V"

WllllamMKelvin
Sponsored N

I` Like Page

All people have to understand that the police service is exactly like a secret
gay club, the reason being that no one knows what goes on inside there
even if it's evident. There's a kind of code of silence, even if you saw
something or just know something about other police officer, you keep
silence about it. But if you are in a member of a club, you can be sure that
no one will ever let your secrets out. Statistically, 460/6 of cops admit to
witnessing misconduct by other cops... See Mare

23 Reactions 2 Comments 22 Shares

idi Like

* Comment

Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member
of the US House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence

A

Share

P(1)0001528

